Always a good warning sign to have here,
bro.
Is that what you guys want to read in
your warning signs? What do you guys
think? First thing you read
is this?
You check out Demon Bluff. Oh, we played
Demon Bluff last year. That game was
goated. But the problem with Demon Bluff
is I'm so bad at it, man. I'm so bad at
it. And then chat yells and makes fun of
me the whole time.
You know, I want you guys to know that
it takes a lot of courage to play a game
that I think I'm genuinely bad at, okay?
It takes a lot of courage.
Um because you guys you guys make fun of
me in every situation possible. So, like
I have to have a mental barrier that is
just greater than most people can
handle.
Uh is YouTube live?
YouTube type
um
bananas if you see this.
Type but type bananas if you see this.
Type bananas.
Type bananas. Type type bananas.
Bananas. Okay, beautiful. Okay, gamers.
Uh this game Vampire Crawler this is not
sponsored, but I'm just going to do a
quick little thing here. You guys don't
know what this is. This is
Vampire Survivors if it was a card game.
We played the
demo of this like I want to say like
last month or maybe the end of February
and it was very fun. Good time. And now
this is the full release. Now, I'm going
to say this right now.
Because I am a streamer, if you're
watching this on April 20th,
um either A you're stoned to my right or
B the game is not released for you yet,
okay?
And the game will be released tomorrow,
April 21st.
But papa
big cat right here got some
got some codes to give away.
Um these codes you can you can have the
code, but it will not be redeemable
until tomorrow when the game releases.
Now, everyone tell me that they
understand that that I said that in the
most clear way possible. Chat, repeat
what I just said.
Oh, I can continue my game.
I'm going to continue my game, okay? Is
that fine?
I don't know where my mic or I can I'm
supposed to go. I don't remember, but
I'm going to continue my game.
You wake up in a village. Memories of
previous adventures fading away. It must
have been a dream.
And why do your clothes smell of roast
chicken?
Let me hear this [music] music.
Got all these achievements.
I don't remember what I was doing. Wait,
is the museum like the uh the thing?
This is all the relics I've gotten. I
don't remember what I was doing, bro.
Uh there's a shop I remember though.
Oh, yeah. See, I I was doing like the
meta
the thing. All right, well, I mean, I
could buy more [__] I guess I'll buy
those cuz I have the money for it.
I just got like every achievement in the
world apparently. I don't know what
happened. Uh we're just going to get
right into this [__] and go to the
world map.
And uh oh, there Wait wait wait, they
changed it up on me. They Okay, cuz
Okay, so for those of you who did not
see me play the base version or the
demo, this is your base camp. This is
the first map. This is the second map
and this is the third map. We're going
to go to the third map, okay?
What?
That's a demon.
Hello.
What do I got again?
Pack steal 20% splash damage. Crawler
means Oh, you guys can't see my thing.
That's what I remember. Okay, we'll go
like here.
Why are the achievements still going?
What's happening?
Music's kind of goated. Draw one card
when a blue card is played, okay? And it
triggers three times. This says deal 20
damage to the front row and this [music]
adds two armor with 50 life.
Does it tell you how much It does tell
Okay, so but they don't One of the One
of the things I had with this game when
we played the demo that I wasn't not a
huge fan of is that they don't tell you
how much HP these things have and that's
kind of frustrating.
Having said
I can't be that mad about it.
Boom.
They didn't die.
I drew a card though.
That's my turn.
Okay, one of the things I got to
remember too is that there's like the
multi multiplier. So, if you play a zero
cost card into a one cost card, you see
that multiplier?
It go It does It does deals more damage.
We can do that and then we can do armor
and then we can do garlic again and then
boom, leveled up in battle by the way.
Um
One life. I guess I'll take the Oh, we
can reroll. Let me reroll.
Whip him into shape? Ooh.
I'll take spinach.
Help me, Popeye.
You know?
You guys ever watch Popeyes when you
were younger?
I didn't. I just know of him.
A bit concerning.
At least they're dying and I'm not
taking any damage.
Add two mana. Growth gains 15 XP. I like
XP.
XP's good.
You're good. You don't need to rest,
brother.
Hell yeah, I'm never playing the spinach
card in my life.
Dude, the I see like sometimes I see
TikToks of like Popeyes animation and
like what they were doing. Bro, that
show was whack.
Cartoons back in the day were something
completely different, man. It is a
different world. Read.
Okay, we're going to have to garlic it
up, I guess, right?
Good luck.
I mean, I might be dead here.
Oh, nice. Good multiplier there.
Yeah, that was my first point of damage.
Not the worst.
Um I'm going to take the might.
Want to do more damage if I can, right?
That seems important.
I am Oh, I should do this so I don't
take the damage.
Going to avoid it. Holy [__]
I don't really need this.
I don't really like garlic either
though. Give me that two cost, please.
Ooh. I want XP though.
I don't want more projectiles.
Interesting.
Is the garlic doing projectiles is the
question.
Does Does anyone know? Any knowers? I
don't think you guys know. I'll take the
XP.
XP sounds good.
It just says deal damage, so I don't
think it knows.
GG.
I was the garlic.
One more mana. Might have Might have
been correct. It's splash, not
projectile.
Now,
listen, I'm just going to ask the
question cuz I don't know.
In what world does it make sense that
the spla
>> [laughter]
>> In what world
does garlic splash? I don't understand.
What am I missing on that one?
Someone give me the line here.
More money?
It's the smell?
All right, you won this battle.
I don't know. It just happened. That was
kind of weird.
Rav three style is a big cat.
>> long fight though. What the frick's
going on here, man?
I feel like I'm playing uh
a zombie game. The horde just keeps
Actually, throwback. I'm going to say
something that might unlock a core
memory for some of you.
You guys remember doing
veteran difficulty on Call of Duty 4
Modern Warfare for the Xbox 360 when
Come on.
Give me a two cost card. Bro.
Give me growth.
When uh
unless you progress forward, the mobs
were endless. Anyone know?
I'm just saying after you're playing
when the card is drawn, it stays in the
hand until YOU USE IT. YO.
I JUST learned how good this was in Slay
the Spire to mean something.
Bring it to hand. Is that like is that
always return to hand? Like does it just
keep on going? I could cash out for
money, but I kind of want to keep going
for as long as I can here, right?
You should get Spiffing Brit to play
this game with you. What's up, Rave?
Rav? Is it Rave?
Dude, Spiff.
I think Spiff's
I think Spiff's going to hang out with
me.
Oh, [__]
I mean, I'm still playing this, so maybe
retain was bad.
I probably shouldn't have played retain.
Never mind, it was goated.
We have so much XP growth though.
Oh, Rave.
Like a Dude, can I I've never been more
raven in my life and let me tell you, I
should have done that in a different
order. Oh my god, I'm trolling, bro.
And the mana for this, right? I can't
like queue this up.
I'll just play it.
Yeah, I'm thinking retain was bad. I'm
going to be completely honest here.
Hopefully these guys do so much damage.
What the [__]
Look at the skill check on this. They're
like, "Hey, dude.
You got to go back to the other place
because at this point you're just not
going to make it.
Or might.
I think I'm going to die though if I
don't do this.
There's so there's so many enemies.
I'm taking a lot. I'm taking a lot.
Anyone Anyone have an advice?
Any more damage I think?
Give me the damage. 60 kills the whole
front row. Keep the one that retain. I
feel like my decks too small for retain
to be valuable. That's the problem at
this point.
Another candle could be good.
You're missing out, bro.
Can I say something? I don't think me
personally I don't think a raid would be
very enjoyable. That's just my opinion.
Like it might be fun for some of you.
I'm just not a huge fan of it.
Like I I kind of wish
There's a part I did it in the wrong
order.
There's a part of me that I wish is uh I
might like it, but I don't think I will.
I'm too I have too much anxiety, bro.
Yeah, I mean we're we're kind of killing
a bunch of dudes here.
I do so much damage too. I'm shocked
like nine more things are dying. We're
doing 200
and 60% damage and I feel like I'm doing
nothing.
Can you kill them all, please, please,
please, please? Like look, they're still
doing they're still doing the thing.
Oop.
Oh, that was huge.
I think I'm going to XP. Fire wand, more
XP. I feel like uh
XP's not doing [__]
I'll get him three max health.
That could be rather important, though.
I'll do more damage
in the future. 300%? I mean I'm going to
I might die here. Let's be completely
honest, but I'm kind of hoping I won't.
It'd be really embarrassing if I died on
the ball. This isn't the first level.
This is like the third, I guess.
Could have I could have done it at a
different point.
But I mean we we
We might be okay. I'm going to Everyone
dying? Everyone's dying. Okay.
We can do you. We can do you. We can do
you.
That's the armor tails.
I I I Okay, so just so you guys are
aware,
double clicking
means you play the card. I I I just so
you guys are aware. Like just so you
guys don't make the same mistake I just
did.
Holy, there's still people coming, man.
I don't need this, right? I mean golden
armor could be good.
I I guess I have to take a card, right?
Yeah, yeah, and then
This is not going to kill you. I would
definitely want to do that. I think I
guess we just take the armor, right?
Not that really did anything. What the
[__] Okay.
Ooh, they do they have so much health.
What is going on here, man?
Kill them all, man. Okay, hold on. Hold
on. Let me get you you and then you and
then you.
Okay.
Wait, I passed something.
Mana? Mana's nice.
Might be relevant.
Okay, big. We take that. I mean is this
just a boss? Okay, what is that?
Unlocks the blacksmith's workshop in the
village. Oh, [__] Okay. I don't know
what that does. We'll have to figure it
out together, but we'll figure it out.
Oh god, and I start from ground zero at
the start of every fight.
It's a bit upsetting
considering how much effort I put in
last time to get.
10% of luck? I'm just going to die. Oh,
sevens. It's over.
Nah, it's so cooked. There's just no
way.
That was an excellent draw.
If you get through this, I mean it's
going to be crazy.
It's a [__] miracle at this point.
But it's not looking good for us.
I mean I'm kind of impressed that we
were able to get to this level already,
though.
A lot of armor, too, which is good.
I mean I might as well just Do I want to
play this? But it's not even enough
damage to kill.
I mean we didn't take any damage Oh,
okay, so they have armor this time. It's
important to pay attention.
Paying attention's probably for the
best.
Yeah, well, I mean we'll just play it.
Why not?
Oh god. Oh god, I'm I'm [__]
Oh, no.
Save me.
Any helpers?
I guess I'd rather have armor in this
case than to stay alive.
We're so close to leveling.
If only it like worked in World of
Warcraft where you where you pop your
level it [__] gives you uh
gives you all your health and mana back.
That'd be sick.
I'd be a little broken for a game like
this.
All right, any of that looks really
good. Like none of these do anything.
Like I don't need mana. I guess luck's
really strong.
30% luck at two is kind of awesome as
well.
Um I think I want the armor more, right?
Okay, hold on. We can we can work with
this.
Not too bad.
Do I have time to use the clover?
We're definitely doing this.
Definitely doing this. So, if I do this
no one dies anyways. I'm taking six. I
think I'm dead. Might as well get all
the luck I can. Okay.
Well, that was a game.
>> [laughter]
>> At least I got the relic.
Yeah, maybe I'm not leveled up enough to
do that. That was kind of insane. Where
Where's the blacksmith?
Where is the thing?
What does the blacksmith do?
Hello.
What does this do?
Oh, it gives an extra gem.
Oh, I
Okay.
I have to be honest.
I didn't really want to spend that money
here. It's okay. It's okay. I don't I
don't care. It's fine. I'm not I'm not
upset by that.
[__]
There's more characters in this, too?
Increase damage 10% when a red card is
played.
What do you do again?
Now, [__] the area cards. Let's do this.
Oh.
Time for a [__] adventure, boys.
All right, let's do this again.
Now, if for those of you who are not for
for those of you this is first time
watching, any new viewers in the chat?
I'm what you call a brute force Andrew.
Where I do the same thing over and over
again.
And hope it works out for me eventually.
Okay. I mean
Not the worst in the world.
Does more damage.
Why do I feel like I'm doing less damage
than the other guy? Yo, Miyabi, welcome
back, man.
This is crazy, bro.
I I'm not I'm not doing any damage.
Uh guys, any advice? Anyone have any
advice?
All right, there we go. Now we're
starting to scale.
Okay.
Magic wand can now have two
enchantments.
King Bible's not too bad. Not too bad.
40% crit?
I'm going to take the knockback. The
knockback was pretty good in the demo if
I remember correctly.
280?
Damn, son.
I mean the good news is at least we're
scaling damage up, right?
300?
Old deck sucked.
Do something better.
Need max health.
Max health could be very valuable.
I guys have taken the card draw. The
card draw actually would have been
really strong there.
Cuz right now I feel like we're just not
doing enough damage and we probably need
more. I mean, this is good though. Like
this is kind of insane. I obviously want
to scale more, but the Bible's too good.
Crazy, what's up, man? Give me another
one of these.
This Bible's doing God's work and we
have knockback, too.
I got it. I got this game early access.
Reminder, there will be giveaways
tonight at some point. I will give you
guys codes, okay? If anyone wants a
code, type
type daddy in chat.
I don't know if I want to like give me
another one of these.
You want a code, type daddy in chat.
Actually, no, sorry. If you want a code,
type R Aaron can beat a coyote in a
fight. No, not can, will.
Will. There we go.
There we go.
I mean, I'm doing I think better this
time than I was last time.
Is that actually live? Your video's
coming back in HS after playing it like
pre-COVID? Holy [__] I'm so sorry.
Honey.
She mana's not that good. I'm going to
reroll for a card draw.
Do I even have anything that duplicates?
Want me.
Want me. Do you guys ever think about
maybe this is just me, but you guys ever
think about that like there are people
who come into this stream, they click on
me for the very first time, they watch
for about 5 seconds, and then they go,
"I'm never watching this chatter or this
streamer ever again."
Is everything about like that? Like
there are people who have watched me
before and thought I was so bad they
don't even want to watch the content
ever again.
Like I don't know I don't know why. Like
I'm kind of
I'm kind of super cool, no?
Like you you guys don't think I'm cool?
I watched you out of spite. Spite to
hoot.
Who are you spiting to watch this
content? I don't understand.
It's It's a weird It's a really weird
phenomenon in my mind cuz it's like
I don't know how to be more entertaining
for everybody, you know what I mean?
Like what do you guys think I need to
do?
What about like a low
a low shirt that shows off my my upper
chest?
What do you guys think? Would that Would
that engage you a little further or no?
Be better at games.
Bro, I'm goated. What do you mean?
That's kind of [__] up.
That's going to help me in the long run?
It's like this double damage. I'm going
to go [__] crazy. Oh, wait.
A knockback, please. Jesus.
You got Okay, let me ask you guys a
question. Do you think it'd be worth
trying to get good at like one game in
particular? Problem is, man, is I I kind
of like to go all over the place. I'm
I've been really liking like Slay the
Spire is really fun.
And then Balatro, honestly, has been
really fun as well. There's no way in my
mind I'm ever playing Hearthstone on a
high level ever again. I just can't do
it.
Like give me a break, guys.
I'm in my old age, man.
I feel we're definitely doing better
than last time.
What is this, by the way? It's like a
bat that's in a tornado.
Why did you write again with a question
mark? Yeah, tell him I I missed the mana
on that. I could have gotten some might.
Why'd you write again question mark like
you didn't know I was the goat?
Disrespectful.
Fact I don't ban you just shows you how
nice I am as a human being.
Giving him the [__] Bible, bro.
Actually, I should have done that at a
slightly different run cuz I didn't
damage there.
Reduce the mana cost by one. I need to
draw a card.
I think that's the one cuz I think we
get a mana next turn and that's going to
be very relevant.
We I think we just want to cycle, right?
Oh my god, I took so much damage there.
Holy, man.
I'm still taking damage?
I thought I killed everybody in sight.
>> [sighs]
>> Just drawing Oh my god, I took so much
damage there, man.
Well, I'm [__] dying. GG.
Uh these bats ruined my life.
And they and they killed me.
Knock some back. I'm alive by two.
I have 69 health, by the way. Anyone?
I'm dead?
I'm one armor cuz I think you get an
armor this time your turn. Man, this
bridge is tough.
Oh my god, I just took it. What did I
do? I didn't read that.
All right. Um
This bridge is [__]
I'm dead.
I'm armor.
Hey.
Apply one freeze to the front row.
3% damage is kind of sick.
Getting zero cost card might be really
good. Okay, we have one life in a dream.
Please don't kill me. We're alive.
Don't kill me. Don't kill me. Your cost
card? Beautiful.
Beautiful. Whipping them into shape.
Give me I'm not taking any damage here.
We're alive by one. Still.
[__] somehow.
Okay, we're alive, but barely. But
barely. Hold on.
I think I might be dead. I'm dead.
In most cases, people who focus on being
amazing at one game are not entertaining
to watch cuz they're focusing on the
gameplay. Most successful streamers I
watch have fun personalities.
Even though I hate to admit it, you are
that. All right, I agree. Does everyone
agree in chat or no? That took me 8
minutes to get [__] Do you guys ever
get [__] in 8 minutes? You say it
lasts about two. 8 minutes is kind of
insane.
Well, I mean
I'm a little worried that we're not
going to be strong enough to beat this,
but we'll try again cuz I'm a brute
forcer.
Need a better opener.
Here we go. Boo. An ox in lane.
You you you.
That's the only correct decision.
8 minutes is like an eternity, dude.
That's what I'm saying.
You know what the worst part is? It's
like when you're giving it and she's
like, "Give it to me more."
And like you have nothing left, you
know?
That's the worst.
Like and you don't want to be the one to
be like, "I'm so sorry. This is all I
got." Like that's that's just not good
for anybody.
I'm going to I'm going to take it cuz
crit might be really strong. It's like
doubling, right?
And I have a knife.
We're done.
Being great at a game is a What did I
just say? Being great at a game is a
hook to have people tune in, but it
won't make them stay. When the game
falls off, you're at risk of going down
with the ship. I mean, it kind of
depends on how big the game is.
So, I'll give you a really good example.
Um if you look at like Jynxzi, for
example, Jynxzi kind of just got really
good at Rainbow Six Siege, but he was he
got enough viewers that wanted to watch
him afterwards and he was fine.
Problem is is that I got really good at
Hearthstone.
Which I don't know if that's the strat.
You want to play Balatro again or you
done with it? I played with that I
played off stream.
Yeah, the problem is there's too many
other good games. Too many other good
games, man. That's the problem. Like we
got Let me Let me lay down the list that
we currently got as like creators. We
got A, the goat. We have Slay the Spire,
goated. Balatro is fun as [__] It's
still so good. It's like the best game
of all time if I'm going to be
completely honest at this point, right?
And then we got Hearthstone, which, you
know, at this point is more of an
obligation than anything, but
I still don't mind the game.
Vampire Survivors seems pretty fun.
Got a little bit of sauce. We'll see how
it goes.
So if for me a lot of it comes down to
just opportunity cost. My voice sounded
really weird there. Did you hear that
little voice crack? That was kind of
cringe.
All right, me?
New armor.
My voice about to get deeper, boys.
You ever played Card Hunter? I don't
know what that is, man. What is that?
I mean it's like that with Warcraft. It
used to get a lot of views. Yeah, I mean
at some point I feel like what ends up
happening, and I could be wrong, you
guys can tell me, but like you have your
comf- you have your comfy streamers, you
know what I mean? Like
I'm sure for me at this point, like I'd
watch Northern Lion play like anything.
Oh, that's really good, actually.
I want double damage on that, so we'll
put on the whip.
Level armor is good.
More splash?
I don't know, I probably want more.
Got armor, though.
Variety streamer is the hardest genre of
streamer to become? Well, I don't want
to be necess- Like I would like to play
whatever I want. That sounds really fun.
Don't get me twisted. All right. In the
same vein, it's like
I don't need to be a variety streamer
necessarily. I kind of just want to play
games that I think are just really good.
Like for example, like Slay the Spire.
We have a lot of zero cost. That's the
thing.
I don't know if my deck needs the splash
damage, is why I'm concerned. I'm going
to reroll one.
I'm going to do that.
And now we have scaling.
Now we have scaling. You only play card
games? I do like The thing is is I like
card games.
Card games are the goat.
Dude, I had a realization how good card
game No, I didn't GET THE CHEST CUZ I'M
A [__] idiot, man. Okay, it's fine.
Oof.
Card games are goated. I was playing
Balatro on the plane the other day, and
that [__] was fun as [__]
Welcome.
I think the armor scaling is really
good.
I will have to go back and get the
upgrade for one of my things. I can't
believe I didn't get get it, but
whatever.
Yeah, like we're not taking as much
damage here, which is really good.
And that golden armor has been extremely
helpful. 30% XP in between though is not
optimal for me, but it's okay.
Getting more projectiles every single
time, which is good. Do like you, you,
and then you. I mean, we're kind of
giving it to them raw.
More XP good.
I want XP.
This is fine. I am taking a little bit
more damage than I would like.
Um
Damn.
Put that guy in a [__] shame, dude.
One coins when the card killed an enemy,
that's pretty good.
Actually, maybe that should have gone on
the the knife.
That gone on the deck there, and maybe
it would have popped.
I don't know.
We're taking a little bit of damage,
though.
Oh, we're not in a perfect spot yet.
Ooh, coins?
Money.
Make it more harder than Vampire
Survivor. What? Your HS streamer
tournament thingy at the moment is your
best series, but holy [__] I got an
aneurysm last time cuz you always had to
rejoin spectating cuz of a small indie
company. Dude.
Tell me about it, man. Tell me about it,
man.
Okay.
Surely Blizzard Entertainment solves the
problem.
Surely they they solved that problem,
right?
I think we're doing better than last
time. Okay, woah woah woah. Let's go
here. Woah woah woah woah woah woah woah
woah woah woah woah woah woah woah woah
woah woah!
Mana cost is increased by one, so it can
be used higher in a combo. We don't
really have the mana for that, though.
Deals spicy damage.
What the [__] is spicy damage?
That's mana.
Maybe we want the combo activator, I
don't know.
You don't try any damage, feels bad.
Spicy damage.
Hot damage to enemies. Oh.
Okay. Well, we want to do like you.
Maybe I should have done the luck last.
That's maybe more important than the
damage right now. You can make the case
for either or. I'm not 100% sure which
card is wrong, but whatever.
If we can get past this, that'd be
phenomenal.
I do need like a three cost, though.
Nice thing is we're getting money, I
think.
Okay, what is more important?
We could do you, we could do you, and
then we do you.
Did I just
piss
on them? What was that? Oh, this is the
worst hand of all time.
So we got some armor.
More spicy damage.
I did have the uh the armor, right?
Wait, wait, wait, what the [__] Why did
my turn just end?
Oh, no.
What just happened?
Oh my god, I'm [__] pissed.
Wait, why did my turn end, though, bro?
I'm dead.
Unless.
We're stuck on bridge.
Bridge gamers, I'm dead here. I'm dead.
I drew like an idiot.
Oh, come on, man.
I got an achievement.
You hit the end turn even though you're
out of cards?
But you Aren't you supposed to hit end
turn, though?
Maybe I hit it Maybe I hit it twice.
Well,
I'm running it back.
We will beat this [__] bridge if it's
the last thing I do.
To your aid.
I wish someone would whip me like that,
you know?
Huh?
You want to play that game Mouse P.I.
for hire?
It's worth getting.
I really like the art style, but I feel
like the gameplay is going to get really
old really fast.
I'm kind of hoping people tell me it's
different than that, but I don't know.
Every gameplay I've watched of it, I'm
like, "Eh."
Take the Bible. Maybe I'm supposed to
reroll that for the armor every single
time.
Ew. What the [__] This does 300 damage,
and none of them knocked.
It's crazy.
There's too much cheese.
What's wrong with too much cheese?
Is area stat.
Wait, does that mean that it buffs my
area stat every time I play that? That's
kind of sick.
Wait a minute, hold on. We're learning.
Every run will get a little bit better
than the last.
Is that's the hope?
Look at I'm going to tell myself that
because I think that's the how it's
going to work.
Really hard to tell how many enemies you
have, too. That's the other thing that
concerns me about this game. It's a lot
of it is just hoping you get a good
combo.
Actually drawing a card here is really
strong
for obvious reasons. Now we want to
cycle towards that.
Oh yeah, you remember when I was like I
was breaking this game and then like the
Grim Reaper showed up so you can't go
infinite. At some point you have to end
your turn.
Actually it was crazy.
Get a little damage is fine. Okay.
I think this is fine.
Oh.
Who's greed stat?
Yeah.
Tell me about we have We have so many
zero attack attacks. Zero attack
attacks.
Is that a rap? What was that?
You can kill the Reaper when it's funny
but in the demo you could do nothing.
Oh.
Oh, that's good to know.
One more greed, please.
Add one mana.
Actually do you think the duplicator is
really strong here? So we're going to
grab this right away.
More projectiles the better. Okay. Let's
not miss this buff before we continue
going.
Which is
Okay, do we want the mana cost increase?
We only have two mana.
That'll be good afterwards.
Is the amount stat? Oh my god. Wait, my
build is disgusting. Wait. Wait. Wait.
Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait.
Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. We're about to
go crazy, no?
Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a
minute. Wait a minute.
No damage from here. Whip them into
shape.
That's okay.
Want to draw.
Give me more projectiles. We'll worry
about damage in a second.
Oh.
Actually maybe that was an overall. I
could have done that in a different way.
Got more books.
What about mana? Like how good is mana
here? I guess mana is actually really
strong.
And I can do stuff like that. That
sounds good.
Holy man, are we back?
Damn, it just took a couple of those
games.
200 damage? I mean this is useless now
but it'll be good in the future.
Hopefully copium.
Actually with the greed stat?
Another card draw?
Yeah, let's get a card draw.
Oh my god, we're going [__] bananas.
All right, we have a deck. We actually
have a deck for the first time in this
entire game.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute. Yes, and we'll take you.
This gives me mana which is good. I like
mana.
Mana is good.
We duplicate another of that first.
Hey, someone explain to me what greed
does just so I'm fully aware. I'm asking
cuz I genuinely want to know. Please
don't make fun of me. Thank you.
Isles.
Greed is coins? Okay, good.
That's actually good for me. Thank you.
Means I get more upgrades faster. You
get more money? Wait, but does the money
happen at the end of the round?
Oh.
I probably put the golden armor there
instead.
Actually only during the round? Okay.
But it happens like at the end step of a
round I guess is what I'm asking.
For those Magic the Gathering people out
there.
Ah, man. I was hoping for a zero cost
card.
It gives you more projectiles which is
kind of sick.
Holy man, get wrecked. I sounded like
Bro, I sounded like [__] Shaggy.
Like zoinks, Scoob.
When do I get that voice? Did I just
unlock the new voice?
Bro.
More projectiles, more.
All of the projectiles.
All of them. I did that in the wrong
order. Oh my god.
We just whip them into shape.
Don't even talk to me.
That's it? That's all you got? Wait, is
this the furthest we've been?
Hold on, pause champ.
Incomplete combination. That's fine.
Oh my god, we're almost we're almost at
the boss.
Okay,
uh
I guess we'll draw. We have mana in the
deck.
Hey, I mean we're kind of cooking. This
takes a little bit to get going but once
we do
We need retain on one of those. That'd
be so sick.
Golden armor is also really good here.
Oh, wow.
I will take armor and I'll do projectile
after cuz we have another way to scale
which is good.
Boom. Boom.
Holy man.
Do we want that Do we want that two
cost? I'm going to roll this.
Add three mana. Oh.
Wait. That'd be so good.
It also be horrendous though. That's the
problem.
We might be doing anything but
If we can get like retain on it, that'd
be really nice.
Should have done that in a different
order.
Oof.
This is going to give us armor. That's
nice.
Is the tornado animal a big rat? I think
it's a bat.
I have to take it If you put like money
on the line
I would think it's a bat.
But I I do not know.
Man, this draw is uh not great.
Need to draw more card. It's a weasel?
Nah, you're trolling. Nah, nice try
though.
Holy [__]
You know for Naruto? Dude, I don't watch
uh
anime. I don't I don't know what Naruto
is.
Oh, baby.
Look at that.
All right, we're starting to cook.
We We haven't lost a lot of health here
which is very good for me.
What is that?
We're talking defeated bosses earn
coins?
Okay.
Oh [__]
Take the the armor.
Okay,
um
I mean we can't do anything The The
unfortunate reality there is like we
can't do anything with that mana.
It's really bothering me.
We have a lot of armor which is nice. I
might die here. I'm not going to lie to
you.
It's not looking good for your boy.
It's not looking optimal.
But we're alive technically.
That was an insane draw.
Just how Just how I wanted it.
Hey, we're alive actually. Hold on.
The armor's more important than that.
Oof.
Whip, draw,
armor.
Let's kill them all.
What is that?
Or draw, or draw.
What is this?
Is this the boss?
No, I'm actually dead. No, come on.
No.
Depression.
No, I needed to knock him back, man. How
much money I got? I could have enough
money, man. Where's my money?
And you don't think I would have done
No, not you. Go Go away from me.
Smith.
I have no money.
Extra health would be nice. All right,
well.
Run it back.
This one for sure.
We'll be here for the next 8 years.
I can complete this.
I spent all my money getting that extra
slot on that one card, and that has
backfired entirely on me. I'm going to
be honest.
All right.
Lock in.
My strength is your shield.
Like zoinks, Scoob.
I'm not misplaying at all, Kurt. I'm
[__] gaming, all right? I'm a I'm a
[__] be Name one misplay, someone in
chat. You can't.
That's what I thought.
Now you guys are like, "Oh [__] he's
right."
He's actually been playing perfection.
Okay, the the Bible is pretty good.
Like the Bible seems good, so we'll take
the Bible.
I think reducing the amount of damage
now is better.
You skipped the buff before the last
fight. I didn't ask.
I didn't ask there, bud.
I thought it was misplay, either that
was intentional.
Refunds mana on play. Talk to me nice.
No, I'll take the Let's take the draw.
Take the draw.
Goodbye, lizards. What are
What are these gargoyles?
Give me a zero-cost card. If you don't,
I'm going to be upset. Thank you.
Speaking of gargoyles, did you guys see
they're [__] They're actually making
an Elden Ring movie?
You guys seen that [__] Like, what?
How are they going to
Dude, would it be absolute cinema if the
Elden Ring movie is just
>> [snorts]
>> Give me a buff.
Would it be absolute cinema if the Elden
Ring movie was just like someone
misplaying?
I'm going to keep it in my hand so we
always We never draw an A. We have a
zero-cost card in my deck. Always in my
hand.
Like, it's just your gameplay.
We were talking about it with one one of
my friends cuz we're going to go see
like a live orchestra of um
of
Elden Ring later this year. Could you
imagine if like
they're they're playing along with the
boss fight, and then they have to stop
because the guy died.
Like, I I'd [__] crack up.
[__] would be so funny.
Beautiful.
I mean, the [__] What is up?
All right, give me return.
Let me whip these people into [__]
shape.
Turn. Okay, here we go. Here we go.
Ready? Go. Boop. So, it's not infinite.
Oh, it only does it once.
Okay. Okay.
Let's do that.
Frost said your muscles looked
absolutely jacked during the Balatro Red
Bull stream.
I feel when Frost is nicer than the
majority of my chat, feels bad.
None of you guys told me how sick I
looked at the Elden at the Balatro
stream. It was like, "Rayan, you're
you're balding."
That's all the That's the only thing I
read.
Which is kind of [__] up.
See, it's weird that it doesn't proc the
thing.
I'll definitely take the armor more than
anything else here. The armor seems
really strong in this game, so we'll
continue. I watched his coaching
interview. Ain't no way. Ain't no way
what?
Could have done that in a different
order.
He's okay.
Dude, you guys realize that me and Frost
are like friends, right?
The most I
You know what? Actually,
I think we're friends.
I'll get back to you guys on that one.
Like, I feel like if me and Frost were
at like a
like a thing together, like we'd
probably hang out.
You know what? I actually don't know. I
I'm making a lot of claims here, and
then here's the problem. If he watches
it and doesn't feel the exact same way,
god, it's going to be [__] awkward.
You know what I mean? Like, it's so
awkward if he doesn't feel like he he
wants to hang out. Wait, what the [__]
He did it again, man.
It's fine. I'm not upset.
>> [clears throat]
>> Aw, man.
Why is the fog so high up, by the way?
Hey.
Why does this have so much health? No.
Where's my Where's my [__] at?
Okay, man. There's no reason to do What?
What the [__] Are we underwater now?
What's going on here? Oh my god, that
does so much damage.
Yeah, we got to do better, bro.
You have to do better. I don't do any
damage currently.
Okay. Um
I'll take a magic wand, I guess.
I know. I know. I know. I mean, [__]
I'm drowning. It's right.
Now, if it was me and Frost Prime
drowning in a lake, who would you save
first?
See,
you guys are 100% going to say Frost.
You know what the worst part it is?
You know what the worst part is? And I
mean this like on god, is that if I go
to Frost Prime stream right now, he's
going to They're going to say that
they'd say Frost Prime.
And that's [__] up.
You could pretend to care, you know.
My strength.
I don't know if I do as much damage as I
did last time.
I'm taking more this time. Like, I I
like my build worse.
Any agree-ers?
Do you want us to lie? Yes, I actually
would.
Guys, I would love for you to lie. For
once, just tell me what I want to hear.
Is that too much to ask?
Is that Is it Is it too much to ask for
you to lie to me?
I'm so dead.
All right, we're I kind of want to die
here. Is that weird?
Never give up.
I mean, I'm dead here for sure. Let's be
honest.
Stronger.
Old chap.
I'm dead.
Oh, man.
I didn't make like any money there
either. All right, we're right back at
it.
Let's get it one more time.
Let's get it. Let's get it.
Absolutely no misplays made this run.
Thanks.
All right, I'm actually I was trolling
the whole time, guys. This is the one.
I'm tired of losing this game, okay?
I'm going to lock the [__] real fast,
all right?
Stronger.
I'm going to be in a shape. I'm taking
some damage here. That's fine. We need
to level. I haven't killed a single mob
yet. Am I a joke?
Am I a [__] joke?
Am I a bot?
What is happening here?
Now, what's your thoughts on this game
over out of 10?
Would you Would you say it is above
or lower than Slay the Spire, to be
honest?
Okay, what do we want? I want a I want
the Bible.
I want the duplicator, actually, though.
I think the duplicator's kind of goated.
I feel like that makes my build better
like almost every time.
It's like doubles your damage. Like one
of them does your damage.
All right, that that make Okay, you see
you see all of a sudden
it's like we're goated. Come on. Where's
my Bible?
Hi.
Double sword, there's my Bible.
[__] I'm drowning.
My strength is your shield.
Yeah, I don't think Rarran was serious
in asking if this is better than Slay
the Spire. Wait, what do you mean?
I was asking. I'm genuinely I'm
genuinely curious.
Why would I not be at I'm asking my
chatters.
Oh, my cat's so cute.
Oh my god, that was sick.
As long as we get projectiles,
then we're chilling.
Projectiles just seem good.
They just seem like it's the strat.
Okay. Okay. Yes, smart duplicators.
Every Would you guys agree with the the
duplicator strat?
All right, we want it on, whatever.
That's really good. Earn
light.
You make your own by Rarran like
Hearthstone, or would you like someone
else to make it?
I would like
I'm going to be honest, I don't think
anyone's going to make it for me even if
I don't make it.
What are they going to say? Rarran
left Hearthstone because he tried to
fight a coyote and he won.
And that success brought him eternal
happiness and money.
Like it it feels a little weird, right?
Maybe a little
a few more disingenuous if like I don't
do it. Like I feel like I got to be the
one to say it.
You got You know what, dude? If I stop
making Hearthstone content, you guys are
not going to believe this, but I think
you guys would be upset.
I think you guys would miss me.
I think there would be a hole in your
heart. You'd be like, "Where Where is
this guy's content? Like I kind of miss
it."
And I'd be like, "I'm I'm I'm done."
You guys be like, "No, please come
back."
Please.
Rarran, please. Yeah, man, that's what
you guys are going to sound like.
You're doing a lot of damage.
By the way.
Attack.
Oh my god.
Is area splash good for this deck?
Like I can't It's hard to notice what
that actually is doing. I'm sure it's
fine, but
Oh my god, that actually did so I was
doing so much damage there. Okay.
Yes, we want you.
Is mana?
Pew pew pew pew. All right, take like
infinite infinity here.
I have a better opening hand than that.
A little bit here. It's okay. We We just
need time to scale. We just need time to
scale. It's okay.
We just need to get our projectiles up
and we're basically goated. Actually out
now. Comes out tomorrow. Comes out
tomorrow.
I got early access. I do have codes to
give you guys, but reminder you guys If
you guys redeem them today, you won't be
able to play this until tomorrow. Okay,
deal?
I don't know if this is good with my
deck, but
You guys won't be able to redeem them
today, only tomorrow.
I hit end turn again, bro.
Ask me if I'm okay. Ask me if I'm doing
all right. I'm not.
Take more damage for you literally no
reason.
Literally no reason. Hex [__] me, and
I'm taking more damage for no reason.
It's okay. It's I didn't want it to take
the damage.
All right, now now we're going to be
cooking.
Okay, that was like kind of lame, but
it's okay.
Get garlic'd on.
What a weird sentence to say out loud.
I need the draw.
Oh my god.
Okay.
Now we're building.
Choose a reward. Um
it Oh.
I want to increase my hand size. That
sounds great.
I think at least. I don't know.
I don't know why I still take damage
here.
Yeah, this we're going to take a little
bit of damage here. But if this is the
final fight, by the time we get there,
we should be in a really good spot. Hope
you but it should be okay. We do you.
We do you.
Do you.
I mean, I don't know how good that is.
We don't have any card draw actually in
hindsight.
I did that the wrong order. That might
matter, actually. End. I'm dead.
>> [laughter]
>> You know why? I'm blaming on the fact
that I took damage that one turn cuz I'm
not supposed to hit end [__] turn,
apparently. Oh my god, man.
All right, this is the one. This is the
one. This is the one. This is the one.
This is the one right here.
Right here. You know what's weird is
like it's daytime here, but when you go
into the map, it's like all red.
All right, let's lock.
>> [gasps]
>> Greetings, gargoyle. I've never met you
before is what I would say if I was
[__] lying.
All right, we haven't taken damage yet,
so that feels good.
Take one, that's fine.
That early fight is so rough cuz you
don't do anything.
I wish gargoyles were real.
All right, let's talk about this. We
talked about it.
Farewell.
At least we're not taking too much
damage.
I'll whip them. Whip them. Okay, I'm
going to take the [__] orb.
I think the play is is this the draw
like as much as humanly What if we go
for that line, right? We just draw draw
draw. We say what's good.
That's the play, right? What you guys
think?
Why I want that though.
Yeah, Lily doubles the damage on
everything like it's so good. So this is
a times two.
That's so nuts.
Ooh, that's not good though.
Like Mike doesn't feel as good anymore
because we're doubling the damage.
Like more projectiles seem like the play
if if I'm trying to like learn the game.
That's all the information I'm taking
away.
We want to draw or we want mana. Okay.
So we have a draw, we have mana.
Without seeing the enemy health, I don't
understand much. Dude, that is my one
complaint with this game I think is I
feel like they need to add
how much how much health these people
have cuz it's it's very like weird.
But I guess maybe they they tried and
they realized like it's really difficult
even with their health bars just the way
that the game plays.
I don't know.
I agree though.
It is very strange.
You can do better.
It'd be crowded UI.
I don't know, man.
They have all this screen real estate if
they just spread out the the square,
right?
Could reroll these.
Red color trigger? What is that?
Oh, I guess it counts as a red card. I
don't want that.
Ooh.
I'll have a double chance for knockback.
I'm not I'm not sure what red really
does. What does that do? Anyone know?
Maybe I should have asked you guys
before I left.
Infinite mana? Yeah, but I need the card
draw for it. Maybe you were right
actually.
Infinite mana is probably better than
more damage.
Really?
Aha.
You don't know? It wasn't in the demo?
I would agree though.
Draw card.
I think drawing cards are really good.
Do you guys agree in card games that
drawing cards is pretty good?
Or is that just me?
You know what I'm saying?
Oh my god.
I don't care about the wand.
Give me the mana, [__]
I want the card draw though.
We we we we're firing so many
projectiles like this is the dream. Hit
him with that. Hit him with this. Hit
him with this. Done. I couldn't play
that. I should have done that in a
different order, but it's whatever.
Didn't matter in that case.
I will say this, we need more card draw
if this is the case. We don't have
enough card draw yet.
It's like I'm drawing like a donkey.
Draw?
Max health.
690 kind of sick.
This one.
And it's not like it's going to really
matter. Okay, this is good cuz we got we
got the draw.
I think damage is probably more
important here.
We'll have premiere to more, but rare is
good as con to create a get code from
devs. I'm sorry, what did you guys say
there, brother?
Did he compliment me or not? I couldn't
tell.
I think he insulted me.
And I'm going to take it personally.
You can go [__] yourself.
You can go [__] yourself, man.
That was a compliment? Oh.
On that case, thank you.
Yeah, I know I know the card gets
destroyed after the combat. I remember
that from the demo.
Remember that.
That's fine. It gives me 10% luck which
I think is actually kind of good. Okay,
I don't want any of these, man.
One me.
You're good, bro. You're good.
Duplicate me?
Always duplicating.
Never not duplicating.
This mana card sucks if I don't draw on
the right way. I need to put retain on
something here.
Yes.
Oh my god.
I'm taking damage. That sucks.
Ooh, not a good hand.
He's going back. I'm taking infinite.
Wow, this hand sucks.
Oh, buddy.
That was sick though.
Ew.
These draws are horrendous.
>> [laughter]
>> More luck.
I'm going to need that on that level up.
I'm dead.
Gulp.
Oh god, it's not looking good, fellas.
I'm going to evolve.
Evolve.
Into a hell fire.
What is that card? Excuse me.
Free mana.
I'm dead.
I'm alive.
30% more luck might be clutch.
No, I died again.
Oh my god.
Did I make any money? I didn't make any
money.
One more time.
Brute force Andys.
All right, this one for sure.
New character?
Who's the new character?
Where's the new character again?
In
Arca?
Add three mana when Arca is played at
one mana when a purple card. He cost me
$360,
guys. I don't have $360.
I'm playing Imelda.
This is what we needed.
Now we're cooking. Now this is a win.
He starts with draw?
Oh, it's free.
Oh, it's [__] free. 18 XP.
It's free low.
Okay, what are we thinking? Fire one me?
Yeah.
All right. Yeah, this one looks good.
This one looks good. [__] the Bible.
I mean
Um
I didn't mean to like that, all right?
You guys know that I didn't mean to like
that.
Wait, she's so much better than whatever
the [__] Who the [__] was I playing?
That guy's poo.
She's sick.
No damage taken. I'm [__] scaling out
of my mind.
30 gazillion damage later.
Draw poo.
Give me that luck stat, baby. Give me
that luck stat, baby.
Give me that luck stat, baby. What are
we talking about? Huh?
Oh my god, man.
Spicy damage. No.
What that damage?
What the hell?
Oh my god.
Now we're cooking.
You're bozos.
I guess it's me, not you guys, but we're
in this together.
Holy [__]
Me like draw it, it's [__] over,
dude.
Did she just say see you in the bedroom?
Jesus.
I don't even You don't even know me like
that.
You better.
You knew better.
Who wants to know you like that?
Does armor go through rounds? I haven't
been paying enough attention. Doesn't
seem like it does.
More XP?
Oh, I don't want any of these.
All right.
That That looked really good.
What do you got for me?
Runs mana on Play increases luck stat.
I mean, we take the luck stat every
single time here, right?
Place the previous card's effect.
Yeah, yeah, you can cash out, but I'm a
I'm a believer in myself. I'm not
worried about not succeeding. I'm a
believer. We
Any echo words in chat? Sounds really
strong.
Let's see what I think, the Bible.
The wand, actually. Maybe the Maybe the
Cuz if we hit that like the
What is this card called? Sorry. If we
hit the the magic wand
No pop off with that [__] We're going
crazy, bro.
Oh my god. Wait, that's so broken. What?
Oh, man, we're going crazy.
You know, I don't know why that did not
work. I didn't hear at all.
I'm so sorry.
I don't know why it didn't work,
actually. I'm kind of Wait, did you guys
hear that or
Was that just me that didn't hear?
It was kind of low.
I didn't hear it.
I didn't hear it at all.
Is that a me problem?
Is this a skill difference?
Dude, I'm so much
What character was I playing?
What character was I playing, chat? That
character was cute.
What character is this? This is so much
better.
Oh my god, it's disgusting how much
better this character is. It's kind of
disgust It's ridiculous.
I heard it was very quiet. Okay, hold
on. I might have to look into those.
[__] the whip, man.
That guy's feces. 15 projectiles were
going in the echo. I'll see you in
[__] hell, buddy.
You helped, for sure.
More projectiles, more.
Take no damage. No prisoners.
Yes, kill them all. We're doing a
thousand damage with one of those.
Strong?
Boom.
What damage? I don't want any of these.
You got a knife, I guess. I don't know.
Oh my god.
Could have done that in a slightly
better way to probably take less damage,
but that's okay.
GG.
It has too much weapon ex- Nah, bro, you
know what? My steak's too juicy. No.
That's That's what That's what you sound
like. I'm kidding.
Do I keep this?
Whatever.
Get out of my deck, [__]
Hey, we have so much luck, though.
Get a little bit of damage here, but not
too much where I'm like losing it. Oh my
god, bro.
This is all legal.
Actually, it's not even that good. We I
thought we were going to do more.
We have a lot of projectiles this time,
right?
Um, I think I'm going to draw.
I think I'm going to draw one more.
Beautiful.
More projectiles, the better. That's
what I say, at least.
Um
Handle me, I guess.
Thank you.
You guys, she called me smart.
I'm in.
Is splash damage good? Can someone
please let me know on that? Cuz at this
point, I'm not 100% sure. It feels like
it does [__] nothing.
Check out the card.
Splash damage is AoE. Yeah, but like why
would I Why would I just want like
another projectile
instead?
You know what I mean? Like isn't it just
kind of worse than just another
projectile?
I could have just been thinking about
that wrong, for the record.
Hello.
I don't know, maybe it don't matter.
Don't quote me on it, though.
Holy [__] it does so much damage.
I mean, we're so strong. Wait, am I not
just like insane now? Oh my and the
echo?
I could have done that in a slightly
better way, I think, but it's fine.
Oh my.
Double luck stat on the wand?
Nah, man, you're kidding me.
I mean, that good [__]
Oh, we did.
Jesus Christ.
All right.
Is this good? Like I'm not drawing
enough cards, I feel like. So, do I even
want it?
Why yes. I'm not I don't draw enough
cards, I feel like.
Definitely yes.
What?
You guys are trolling.
Why would you not? I draw it. I don't
want to draw it.
Are you guys trolling?
Like I don't draw, no? I don't draw
enough cards.
Like I literally don't draw enough cards
for this to be warranted. I'm I That's
on god.
Like I'm not crazy when I say that.
Like I'm still drawing the same amount
of cards.
You draw an extra card every turn? Wait,
does it actually? Nah, you're trolling.
You want to lie?
Or am I just lying?
Let me see. 1 2 3 4 5 Oh.
Oh, that Okay.
Guys I'll be the first one to admit it.
That's my bad.
I think we should all just apologize to
one another.
That's my bad.
I'll start. I'm sorry.
Now you guys say something.
Man, I Whoever told me not to take this
candle card, I think it's actually
stupid.
Guys
Yes, daddy, I will take that. Thank you.
You all right to be sorry. But you suck
my ass. You ever thought about that?
I need to just
I need to just suck it.
I don't know if you guys see my luck
stat, by the way. It's kind of crazy.
I don't know if you guys are picking up
what I'm putting down here, but
I ain't even going crazy.
>> It's done.
I'm going to [__] kick this sword in
the [__] left. Oh my god, I don't
even want an axe.
Give me this.
Oh my god, I have so many cards in my
hand. What the hell?
Damn.
Get you out of the way cuz I think
you're the worst card here.
Jacktal? Boom.
Jacktal.
Handle, armor, draw, armor, GG.
Full power grows.
Bro, look at my luck stat. I'm so lucky,
man.
I healed.
Sacrifice cards of the correct color to
unlock. Okay, you can take this.
And you can take
You can take this. I don't That's fine.
Thank you.
I'm back. When you have cards with gem
slot. Are you [__] serious?
Can I cash out? I'm cashing out.
[__] Christ, man.
Project Jelly is a big cat. I thought I
was going to get like the the [__]
nuts.
I got the [__] poo.
Armor though. Hey Reran, I watched your
video Red Bull Balatro. This [__] rocks.
Thanks for the video. Wait, what video
are you talking about? That wasn't
Doc's.
I'm glad you like Maybe I should have
doubled that. I want to projectiles cuz
it's the final, dude.
Okay, we're we're taking an ass slow
now, but think of it in the future.
I don't want any of these.
I just want to draw cards.
I'm a gamer.
14 armor.
I I'm not worried about the boss. He's
poo.
You heard it here first, poo boy.
Two cards.
I'm going with that.
Give me a projectile.
All right, so we're just going to cycle
our whole hand here now, right?
Oh my god, we have so much luck.
Nope. Yes. Okay.
Is this thing playing the game already
or no?
Yo, Project Jelly, thanks for the sub,
man. I appreciate it. Yo, uh Reran, I
appreciate you watching the content,
bro. I hope you enjoy it. Thanks for
chilling.
Thanks for Thanks for enjoying it.
Yes. You ever need anything, like maybe
you need like a pick up from the
airport, let me know.
I'll gladly help you out.
Unless I'm busy that day.
Then it's going to be a little awkward
cuz I told you I'd help you out, but
like you understand.
You seem like you're a very
understanding human being.
Agree or disagree, you know.
I mean, is the one better here?
I want more projectiles.
I don't want this, man.
I need armor.
All right, just the sword boy. We think
we win this?
Surely this is fine.
Look at my 1,000 luck stat. What the
[__] is that?
What what is happening?
Don't kill me, please.
I can't handle I My brain's exploding.
Oh my god. Um
Does he die if I do this?
He's kill. I kill you. I make you
suffer.
Yes, kill them all. Yes, make my money.
Oh, that's beautiful. I want that. Yep.
Make my money, boy. Make my money.
Let me do it again.
All right, let me do it again.
Yes.
I did it.
All right, 400 bucks.
We're just a cake-ing. Yes. We did it.
Show walls. Also, did you message me on
Discord, bro? I haven't looked yet, I
saw you did.
Is this something personal?
What the [__]
Oh oh.
Jump scare with the Grim Reaper.
Hey.
Hey, wait a Hey, turn down we just seen
a better character.
Would you look at That's crazy, man.
I didn't know big business though.
Wait, what do you mean?
I have an unrelated philosophical
question.
Would you chase success at anything if
nobody, and I mean nobody, cared about
it?
I mean, that's a tough That's a tough
question to answer cuz I've never been
in that situation.
Maybe.
If choices get XP instead.
Yes. Yes. I'm putting all my doubloons
in that [__]
Skipping choices to make my deck more
consistent? Yes. I'm in and I'm sticking
with my lady.
Where am I?
What happened?
Where's the bridge?
There it is.
The birthplace of milk magic churns with
chaos. Huh?
What is the item aside the armor? Oh, I
don't know.
All right.
Kill one row? I don't want to get all
this [__] I'm a little nervous. I don't
want to.
Who the [__] is this?
Why they dancing like that? Why?
Keep it together, boys.
I can skip for six and get XP. Let me
reroll.
I'm in.
Don't let them eat twice.
It's twice as hard. Yes, daddy. Thank
you.
One kill rows of PS [__] Yeah, but I
might want it later.
Hold on, bro. We'll get you in a second.
We don't have that yet. We for sure
don't have that.
The only map so far that hasn't been
linear, so
Ain't you look.
Woah, Bradley Cooper playing
vampire crawlers. Yo, yo, chill. Chill.
I'm just like you, man.
Just like you, bro.
And how come this map's easier than the
other one?
Money.
Your [__] ass first.
Guys, who saw Invincible? Can we talk
about it?
Anyone else just super excited to see
the next episode? I'm literally counting
down.
What's that?
I don't think I've been more hyped for a
show in my life
than this moment right here, to be
honest with you. I'm so excited to see
where it goes.
Like they ended it on such a
cliffhanger. It pissed me off.
Like what am I going to I I now have to
wait like a [__] peasant.
I wish I was like I should I went into
the wrong field. Like you know what?
It's nice to get early access to a game
like this. Don't get it twisted.
I'm not saying I'm not happy with it,
but I am saying that I would have liked
early access to Invincible. You know
what I'm saying? You get what I mean?
Any Any agreers?
Imagine me telling you guys right now
I've seen Invincible, the final episode
already. You'd be like, "What?"
You could be like, "Our dog, that's
crazy."
I don't know have mana for this, man.
Give me something better.
You could always read the source
material. What the [__]
Did you really just say that, you
almost? Did you really just say that? Or
sneaky, sorry. My god, you guys have the
same college. Sorry, my bad, bro. My
bad. You guys are not the same person. I
know that. You guys just I almost wanted
to the boss.
Dude, I don't know why, but every time I
I see a message that's going to trigger
me, I think it's Shavals. Like, I don't
know if that's good or bad, bro.
You read the comics, you would know.
Okay, let's start off with the first and
obvious thing. I'm not reading the
comics. All right, we're all on the same
page now. Okay, awesome. I'm not reading
the comics. Cool.
You have no luck stat, by the way. Any
luck stats?
Why would I watch the show when the
movie's coming? What the [__]
Like, bro, like with Project Hail Mary,
all these people are like, "Oh my god, I
read the book. The book was so good,
bro."
I watched the movie. It was awesome.
Like, who cares?
Are we stupid?
All right.
I didn't want that yet. We'll get the
both rosaries in a second.
With that being said,
I was actually low-key thinking about
reading Invincible on the plane when I
went, but
I decided against it. And that worked
out flawlessly, to be honest. That's
huge.
I'll just grab you.
And you. All right, I'm over here.
No!
I don't want you. I don't need you. All
right, boss boy, what do you got?
Not worth it. Minus 10? Kind of, yeah.
Holy!
Um
Okay.
I'm kind of a gamer.
Holy, man.
Swing scoops times five. Okay, um
I want that so bad. How do I get there?
No, that's unfortunate.
>> [sighs]
>> I don't mind the armor, but
I don't give a [__] about it.
It's a really good build.
Oh god, who is that?
That's Daddy.
We're only taking a little bit. I mean,
he should be dead like here.
Ooh, what is that? What is that? What is
that?
Wait.
Uh pew.
Stop. What are you doing? What's he
doing?
Oh, is that the amount of cards I'm
playing? Oh, now I get it.
Ooh, that's kind of funny. I don't even
know what I want.
Money.
Thanks for the money, [__]
Actually, extra damage on these cards in
your hand.
Card is copied when used. I'm sorry,
what?
This card always benefits from combo.
Oh, man.
How much extra damage, though?
Any interest in fighting games? Not
really, but yeah, I did see there's an
Invincible like versus game that's kind
of sick.
Combo broken, put on a zero cost.
This?
You promise?
All right, but I'm going to ban you if
it isn't, all right? Deal?
I don't want this. Actually, we have
enough card draw where this is kind of
good.
Go two mana for that one. Actually,
maybe this is the last one.
Big down.
So, Invincible fighting game is dog
water? Okay, it's fine. I just want to
watch the show anyways. It's no big
deal.
It doesn't Does Does J.K. Simmons voice
act in the the game? If not, I don't
want it.
Wait, so this this this worked to go to
four?
I'll lie to him.
You could bring 010.
Oh.
What if I die instead, though?
I don't feel so good.
What's this?
Oh, wow.
Hand size. That's lizard boy.
Lizard boy scares me a little bit.
Smarts.
>> [screaming]
>> Okay, so hold on. Let me get this
straight. You go
010.
Wait, it didn't work like that.
>> [screaming]
>> Oh, I see what you're saying. Okay, I
see what you guys are saying.
I get it. I get it.
I kind of wish I didn't take it, though.
It doesn't feel as good.
Holy [__] it just gave that.
Even the swift pin. At least we're
making a lot of money here. That's nice.
Wait, another hand size and money.
That's pretty good.
All right, what do you got?
I wish I was in the fighting games, but
I've just never been into them.
Yes, I will take that.
Wait, does that work with the
Wait.
I should put that on a different card, I
think.
I didn't know that there.
I drew that mana card on like the right
hand, like we'd be in such a good spot.
It's really unfortunate the way I'm
drawing it.
Okay, so we want to do it like
boom.
Boom.
And then
boom.
Boom.
Boom. Boom. Boom.
Oh my god, it was cinema. Just [__]
destroyed that idiot.
What is that? What is that?
Spooky ghost.
Oh, what's up, man? Any way to heal?
Um
I'm not sure, to be honest. If you find
a way, let me know.
Okay, we're going to do like you.
You.
Then
you.
Wait. You.
You.
All right. Not too bad. If I drew it
slightly different there, I think it
could have been better, but that's okay.
Uh you.
You.
Oh my god.
That's good.
All right, let's fight this ghoul boy.
What do you got? Oh my god.
>> [laughter]
>> Easy combo.
Wait, chat, isn't that Wasn't that the
nickname for your mom?
Oh, I'm funny.
Anyone?
I don't know if I want to use this.
Okay, I I guess it hits all of them.
Maybe they don't walk up cuz they can't
move. They walked up anyways. That was
so useless. What is this?
Junk.
I get that.
The [__]
Great. I'm cooking here.
The milk gave it to you?
When the [__] did I drink milk?
Oh, more max health?
>> [screaming]
>> That's huge.
Hey, I mean, we're cooking.
Oh, these guys gave it to me. I see what
you're saying. I see what you're saying.
I'm picking up what you're putting down,
my
Oh god, it's another boss? Gulp.
I I take four. All right, four's not too
bad.
Is he dying?
I just need that yet.
Yo, die.
Hi.
Yo, what the [__]
HOW IS BRO STILL LIVING?
OH.
GULP. I'm passing.
Oh, thank god.
You [__] [__]
Might?
20% damage.
Holy [__] that guy did not want to die.
I don't even want any of these. I like
my low curve ass deck. It feels kind of
nice.
Any greers in the chat? Like look what
I'm about to do to this clown. Gain
mana, do this, draw two cards. Uh-oh,
someone's upset. They're about to get
farmed for 30 30 million dam-
Wow.
Any playable that can use, please?
Oh, what's this?
An evolution.
This card reduce mana to zero, receive
double mana instead. No, I don't care.
The cards earn coins while the senior
No, I don't care about that. Yes.
Evolve into
The holy what?
Yeah, I just lost my card draw.
Or my mana. Wait, that wasn't even good.
Wait, I got scammed.
Wait.
That was actually bad. Oh my
Wait, that was bad.
Actually does a [__] ton of damage, so
maybe it's not.
Evolve it? What is that? What are we
playing, Pokémon?
What do you mean evolve it?
960?
I take it back. That does an assload.
Rainbow armor.
Nah.
Fight boss boy in a second.
How was my [__] taste?
They couldn't even tell me, bro. They
just died.
All right, let's beat this [__]
clown.
Okay, we do you.
Draw.
Hit him again.
We say, "What's good?"
I don't know if I have any mana.
That's not good.
Any gulpers?
I drew it.
The greatest ever do it.
We're kind of good at this game, I'm not
going to lie. Wait, did I just have Like
am I like greatest ever do it?
Guys, be honest with me. We need you,
actually. We need you. Actually.
1,506
All right, sorry. 1,056.
Might.
Yeah, I did that in the wrong order.
Actually okay.
All right, 10. Oop.
Might.
Mana. You.
This.
Oh god, here we go again.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh. Hey, chat.
Guys, anyone have advice?
Okay, we have a sick turn that we can go
uh
you.
You.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh. Uh-oh. Oh
uh-oh. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. It's
Oh god, please.
I don't I don't think I live this
anymore, chatters.
I did.
It's so now he does 10 damage.
What she say? Made you look? Made you
poop?
Oh my god, THE EVERYONE DOUBTS the kid.
But the kid keeps on going.
He's never lost.
My god.
Refund.
Not even give me. Oh my god. Who made on
refund?
Hey,
all right. Can I heal, though?
Can I please heal?
I need like
Doesn't this game have a chicken?
I mean, I have to fight something. I
guess we'll go this way cuz there's a
chest at the end of the tunnel, so we'll
go here.
We go you, and then we do you, and then
we do you, and we kill everything in my
face.
Okay.
I don't want to draw that.
There is no way to see remaining HP.
Chicken.
Draws a card.
Oh man, wait. What can I put this on?
Oh, this is so good. Wait, that's
actually cinema. Let's go.
Wait, that's like infinite almost, no?
Okay. Well, I really need a chicken.
Chicken.
Oh, I don't want you. That guy looks
[__] scary, by the way, man.
Doink, scoop. I don't want you yet.
Don't need you yet.
Uh-oh.
Can I actually walk through?
Give me a chicken.
Sacrifice a card to heal?
Oh, you should have thought earlier.
Okay, what's my worst card in my deck?
Honestly, it might be the crown.
This.
Big. That was huge. Wait, we're kind of
gaming.
All right, let's fight this idiot while
I'm here.
Oh my god.
We're bossing this.
Oh my god, wait. We're actually cooking
so [__] hard.
No, no. I need
Okay.
Maybe I'll ooh.
Damn, son.
Wait, we're strong as [__]
Wait, we are strong as [__]
What is that?
Instantly vaporize all enemies on the
first floor of a dungeon you've
previously cleared.
What?
Okay.
I mean, we take that [__] What's What's
in the middle here? Is it just like a
fence? I can't interact with it, right?
Sup, boys? How are we doing?
>> [groaning]
>> Oh my god.
Wait, I'm so strong.
I am so strong, it's insane. My deck is
cinema.
How can I lose?
The answer is obvious. I cannot. I just
win.
Wait, there's a chance against the final
boss I can just go crazy.
Like instantly overkilling it, like
nonstop.
Um I don't want to do that rather right
now. I want to do like you first.
Then we can do
I don't even need the duplicator
anymore.
We're so strong. We're so strong. I'm
not even close to dying, either. Like
I'm just [__] cooking.
Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a
minute. Wait a minute.
It's all right.
Um you know
Let's just kill him.
Gigi's.
What is this?
Mana.
Thank you.
Why was the heal needed? I
You never know what's going to happen.
Wow, this is like the first time I
didn't draw cards. That's kind of
unfortunate.
>> [groaning]
>> Or I need to card draw, I should say.
I mean, yeah. It's probably more likely
I end up drawing like a zero cost card
than anything else. Dude, look at this,
chat. Are we watching? Guys, hello? Wake
up. Guys.
I The chat needs to be more active. This
is crazy. Are you guys not seeing this?
This is peak gameplay here.
Oh my god, give me that.
Now that we know.
Everyone in the chat pog.
>> [laughter]
>> If I don't see
at least 10 pogs, someone's getting
spanked.
Holy!
Jesus Christ, let me go get the game
here. What you think I forgot about you?
I volunteer as tribute.
Oh my god.
Jesus. Who's next? Who wants some of
this? I'm coming.
Don't think I forgot about your ass.
All right.
Boom.
Boom. Boom.
Um boom. Boom.
Boom.
Boom. Oh my it's [__] cinema.
Imagine playing the game.
You cannot legally you're not allowed
to.
Oh my god.
[__] I don't want any of these. Oh my
god. Uh
That's a lot of damage though. Holy
[__]
Come on. Let's go.
Dodger, what's up, man?
The achievements.
I would draw this now. Wait, what What
are these little dots here?
That's a reroll? Yes, please. Thank you.
All right, let's go [__] this guy, man.
All right.
This is a lot of damage though. I draw.
Holy, man. Holy,
that is so much damage. Wait, hold on.
Hold on. I kind of want to do that, but
then I have no mana.
I'm not going to do it.
You guys might call me crazy, but I'm
not doing that.
We can do better.
Big card.
Big card. Oh my
What am I doing to these people?
Oh my god, [laughter] man.
Was that even okay?
I don't know if it's the damage matters
from this guy.
How are you still alive?
Oh god, what is this? What is this? Mana
costs are randomized.
Oh.
Minus one.
We'll go for the dream.
So I get mana back?
Holy do we get mana back.
I'm sorry, why am
What is happening? Oh my god, they're
back to what they were. Oh my god.
Wait, why did I sound like Mickey Mouse
there? What the [__]
>> [laughter]
>> Jesus Christ.
Doing nasty [__] stuff in here.
The [__] dismantled.
This is the end of the run, no? I don't
need any of this. Give me this. Is there
more? There's more.
Holy [__] bro.
You guys really want a piece of the
champ?
We are at a five. Wait, where did you
see that?
Perfection.
Bottom right of the match shows how many
floors. Bottom right. All right, well,
I'll look at them when we get out of
this menu.
Thank you.
We get my refund on that.
I don't have a three is my problem.
We're going to have to find a three.
That's okay. We'll get there in a
second.
Oh my Oh, man. Hold on. Hold on. During
the uh
Wait, during the demo that bird card was
so [__] Wait a minute.
Wait a minute. The bird card is back.
Oh yeah, I forgot I had the mana on
that.
Wait, hold on. I want to change this
right. I want to do this. This.
The bird Oh, no. The birds, man.
I'm assuming this kills.
Holy [__] I'm so strong.
I am so strong.
Wait, I missed somebody in here. Good.
Go back.
Where are You think I forgot?
Yeah, I'm actually taking damage here.
I drew like a [__] I actually drew so
bad there.
That's actually kind of depressing.
Get them, boys.
Oh my god, do I take another bird? We
don't need that many birds. Give me the
max health. I might need it.
This is a I mean, I feel like I'm very
strong, but I'm not 100% sure how strong
I really am. This thing What does the
outhouse do?
Recruit Yes.
Get
Come join the party. I don't know what
that means, but wait, do I already have
him?
Oh, I'll take the [__] chicken.
Wait, what does that mean to recruit
him? Like is he a part of my fight? Like
is he fighting with me? Oh.
12 max health.
Well, how do I not take that though?
I'm not greedy, I promise.
I don't know if he I don't actually know
if he is valuable
in the part of the run.
But I'm going to for the sake of my
well-being, I'm going to pretend he is.
Okay, so this is the This is the mana
card, right? So if I do this now, this
goes to three. I got to figure out how
the [__] that works, man. I feel like an
idiot.
Nothing really matters.
There's something that like is tingling
in my brain when you get a combo like
this in this game.
It gets tingling.
Just a little bit.
Not too much, but just enough. What is
this?
Hi.
I will take him. Yes, hi.
Yes. What do I not need? I don't even
need this card. I never want to see it.
Like it's nice, but I don't ever want to
see it.
Now we have five mana. And now I will
take the victory.
Good night, Neil it's on, man.
That's a name I feel like I haven't seen
in a hot minute.
All garbage.
I don't know, bro. Come on, what's up,
man?
Okay, I mean, that is uh that's a lot of
[__]
There's something down here, I think.
Which is I don't know what that What the
[__] is that?
Uh-oh.
Oh my god. Oh, I see how it is. This guy
will only do a Joker cosplay for Red
Bull. I'm sorry, what is the problem
here, Dredds?
Guys, can we have a conversation? Do you
mind if me and you have a one-on-one
conversation or not? No one else is in
the chat, okay? Guys, what the [__] was
that performance? Like what was that
performance, bro? Like you're going up
against MBT MBT, who is a guy who has
literally told me he does not play any
Balatro. Like any Balatro. Like you were
up against somebody who hasn't even beat
gold stake yet, bro.
I I I had faith in you. I swear.
And that's the performance you have.
That's the performance we had. That's
what Dredds wanted to showcase to the
world.
I don't um
We don't have a one.
Can I do damage?
I'm retired from that game?
Guys, that doesn't Listen, I I I I can
understand retiring after what I
watched, but like that doesn't excuse
what I watched. You get what I'm saying?
Like I I I I I I I
I would We ended that and I was like I
thought Dredds had more to show than
that.
Wait, is guy still kicking?
Guys, I want you to know, let me
explain. Spiffing Brit
for facts has not beaten a gold stake
run.
He has not beaten a single gold stake
You know how I know that?
I asked him.
Why isn't he dead?
I'm going to die to this guy, bro.
I'm really dead.
Look at Look at how many birds I have.
How is he still alive?
Kill him.
Dude, I I
>> [laughter]
>> What am I
What am I watching?
Oh, he's dead.
Wait, that better Hey, that's [__]
HE DIED AFTER MY TURN ENDED.
>> [groaning]
>> Draws another of the same card if you
have one.
Okay.
That's actually not too bad.
I would prefer if we could have Like
after that fight, I kind of need some
healing up in this [__] but we'll be
okay.
Try getting some armor.
I mean, before that guy, we didn't need
anything. We were chilling.
Well, this is like this is a horrible
hand. Wait a minute.
Uh-oh, I need golfers.
Wait, that was the worst hand yet.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh. Uh-oh.
I don't want any of you. You're so bad.
That was [__]
Took so much Now I'm scared I'm going to
lose. I was so confident in myself.
He did that to me. No one else did that
to me. That's that guy.
The two damage I can live with.
I kind of want the 30% luck. Is that too
much?
I don't have the mana.
No.
Uh-oh.
Kill me.
Guys,
anyone have advice?
Anyone have advice? Hey, that's pretty
good.
Not too bad.
Wait, we just gave it to that guy.
That's for sure.
Okay.
We need like a heal.
These tiny boys who aren't bosses free
life.
I'm going [__] crazy here.
Level bird.
I deleted. Level 26. Is that good or
bad? I don't know. I don't want any of
these. Go.
Um
I guess you're zero.
Okay.
We have one item over here. Let's go
grab it real fast before I die. Oh,
sorry.
>> [laughter]
>> Okay.
Actually, maybe that's not even like
good. Maybe I should have had that. Why
didn't I grab that earlier? That could
have been valuable. That could have
changed everything.
All right, guys, are we [__] against
this boss?
Type one in chat if I'm going to lose,
but I'm also like the cutest streamer of
all time.
You cannot type any other numbers.
That's the only option.
20 damage, excuse me?
Oh my god, we're alive.
I [__] said and I said the dots on
the map for dinner at all. Wait, what
are you What are you talking about? I'm
getting flamed for doing exactly what
you're saying.
What the [__]
[__] kind of [__] is that?
Nice flame, buddy.
Oh god.
I I misplayed this turn heavily.
I say
perfection.
I need my birds to do more.
And
bird up.
And that's also good. Perfection. Okay,
I helped. Okay, I helped.
Here we go.
Boom.
Mana.
More mana.
Let's play the bird.
This boy is sorry. Our side.
Need more birds.
More birds.
I thought I was close.
I say
smart.
Okay.
Six attack? Not too bad. We can handle
six attack, I think. Nope.
Made you look.
>> Okay, I helped.
Add mana.
You want to add mana?
Oh god, here we go again.
I mean, we have a lot of birds.
Where do you see the boss's health? I
wish I knew, bro.
>> [laughter]
>> Good luck, youngster.
He's doing 10.
Uh-oh, I don't feel so good.
Uh I think I'm dead.
I think I'm supposed to pass.
Am I supposed to Can I do one of damage?
Look at all these cards I'm drawing. I'm
drawing like my whole deck.
Uh no, no, no, I need armor. No, no,
guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys.
Guys, I need an armor. I need uh I need
armor. [clears throat]
Armor.
It's GG.
I got a no seven.
That's me right here. Yes.
Wait, am I on max hands right?
We just not pass and let the birds kill
him. Oh, that could have been really
sweet. Yo, Nuke, I missed your sub, bro.
Oh my I think now is a good time to do a
giveaway.
What do you guys think?
I think now is a great time to do a
giveaway. I mean, that was fun.
What do you guys think? The game's good.
I think it's great. Okay, guys, it has
to be on Twitch only cuz YouTube sucks
ass and won't let me do giveaways. You
want to be a part of the next one, make
sure you follow on Twitch and I'll give
you guys one. Okay, reminder, listen.
Listen, listen. Before I do this
giveaway
everyone pay attention right now.
Okay?
I if you win this code you cannot redeem
it until tomorrow. Okay? Understand?
Do you guys understand?
Do you guys get it?
You guys will not be able to redeem it
until tomorrow.
I don't want to see a message in my chat
that goes, "Rarran, the giveaway's not
working." Shut up.
>> [laughter]
>> Okay.
If you guys are subscribed, you will
have double the chance to win. Good
luck, you guys. I'll give you guys 3
minutes. Good job. I'm going to go pee
real fast, all right?
Crocsis, it's a big cat.
>> [sighs]
>> Okay, everyone remember what I said?
What did I say like like 2 minutes ago?
>> [laughter]
>> Yo, Crocsis, thanks for the sub. Samis,
thanks for the sub as well.
Oh my god. All right, I'm going to close
this, boys, all right?
Use code Rarran, good job. Okay, winner
is
Saka the Sakodisu.
All right, that was I don't know if I'm
supposed to say it like that.
Holy, I see him.
Congratulations on the win. There will
be more giveaways today, chatters.
I'll probably play this for a little
bit. This has been fun. This is a good
game.
There you go. Okay, remember. I'm going
to type it to you. You can't redeem this
until tomorrow
when the game comes out. All right.
Holy, that's a lot of unlocks.
Oh.
How many achievements are in this game?
Holy [__] I already have 71?
Hot diggity dog, bro.
All right.
That's all the money.
Increase max health could be good.
Increase health, rerolls is nice.
Increase duration crawlers stay by one
per rank. I don't know what duration
crawlers is. One mana per rank? Am I
Oh, it's $3,000.
You probably get this.
The gift that keeps on giving.
Okay, what am I
uh I think Wait, wait, hold on, there's
more characters to get, right? That's
the other thing.
Also like the the blacksmith or
whatever, what do you do?
At three amount of
three amount of what?
And one amount What is that? It's that
wheel thing.
Interation when Dom Mario DeMario? Dom
Mario Mario I don't know. Play deal 40
damage when a purple played. The wheel's
a weapon?
I try it?
Pog. You guys were really excited about
Arca. You guys want to try Arca?
Let's try that.
>> Lucky to have me.
Okay, buddy, relax.
I'm the I'm the gamer here.
Blacksmith.
I don't want to upgrade anymore. I want
to do this. Uncle, what's up, guys?
Everyone say hi to the devs.
Or I guess this maybe not the devs. It
might just be like the community
manager, but regardless, say hello.
Oh [screaming] my I'm going to take uh
We have exactly the right amount of for
this for the healing.
Wait, I have a I have a question for the
person that is behind the scenes at
Poncle Games. Do you think I can win a
fight against a coyote in hand-to-hand
combat? Answer now.
>> [laughter]
>> Did you guys see by the way? I don't
know if you guys saw this.
Um
but I want you guys to know for those of
you who did not see cuz I hosted a
Belatra event for Red Bull.
43% chance to winning? No. All right,
this game sucks. Don't play it.
Give me a hold on.
I don't know if you guys can see it. I
host We hosted it.
You got it might This is very blurry.
It's very blurry.
It says can beat a coyote in a fight.
Just Just so you guys are aware.
I'll get double the healing.
All right, let's get it.
Hey, where the
weenie bread Oh, sorry.
Wait, weenie bridge? Hey, why did this
turn? Wait a minute. What?
Wait, is this like a different it
Oh, it ch- Wait, does it change from
character to Oh, I know, that's where I
was.
>> [laughter]
>> I let's see what this is.
People are overestimating coyotes, I
think. No, I'm Have you guys seen me in
real life?
Have you guys seen Look at this.
Look at this. Look at my Why is this
carrier?
Look at this.
Look at this. YOU THINK COYOTES GETTING
PAST?
You know what I mean?
How tall are you? 6'5" and 255 lbs.
Pure muscle. There's not a single
There's not a single percentage of fat
on me.
I can
I can I can bench four plates on both
sides.
You don't believe it? I mean, you're
just hating. What can I say?
What can I say? You're just hating.
What's it like to be on the wrong side
of history?
By the way, that reminds me, chat.
Uh I I figured out how to sell my coyote
mat. That sounded really strange. Um
but if you go to Hold on.
If you want to check it out, you guys
can go here.
And that will bring you to this.
I don't know if it delivers worldwide,
but if you were waiting to get the
coyote mat, this is what it looks like.
Horrible website. I got to I got to
figure out how to do a I got to get the
CSS done figure that out.
Um
We want to do red cards anyways, right?
The magic one seems really strong.
We need more scaling, so maybe that was
correct, but
How long will that mat be available to
buy? I'm not sure yet.
Should I do a limited time I'm getting
I'm kind of getting [__] here, by the
way. Hello, guys.
Any advice?
I mean, this is wrong.
That might be uh not the play.
Sage, no body pillows.
>> [laughter]
>> Would you guys rather have a
a body pillow of the coyote or me
though?
I'm just dead.
I need a tail.
It's cooked.
Back to the village.
I want you for non-threatening when I
try to sleep? That's [__] up. Can I go
back to my goat?
This guy does not feel like it's it for
me. I don't know why. And I'm basing off
I guess we can go do the uh the the the
milk place, whatever.
One side you, one side the coyote. Wait,
would that be goated?
Maybe that's goated.
I know, I might We'll see how well this
one goes, and if it does as well, we'll
we'll figure out other stuff. I'm
thinking about for like merch, I'm
thinking about making like a big cat
like for a merch, for like a shirt. What
do you guys think?
Would that go crazy or no?
I don't feel like I do any damage.
Maybe the bridge is just too strong.
Maybe I got to get stronger.
What happened, cheeks? And so I'm sorry,
what?
I really want like a two-cost thing
here, man.
We rerolling there's no character.
I don't want to take lion.
Big cat like a lion body but a rare fur.
I don't know. I got to I got to think of
an artist or an artist how to do it.
Yeah, I got to contact somebody. I'm not
sure what the the correct
correct way of doing it will be, but I
think that that the concept would work
out very nicely.
The idea in my head makes a lot more
sense.
I don't know.
I'll have to make sure it doesn't look
like a coyote, otherwise we're going to
have some problems. That's very good.
Don't need that yet. Over here.
And we don't need to go that year yet.
>> [groaning]
>> I'll have to figure out how to do it.
I'm thinking like a cartoon like
animated thing.
The Lux stat might be really good. Is
this guy bad, chat, or am I just bad?
Look, we're doing [__] all here, man.
Look for a furry artist.
You know,
that's actually not a bad idea. I was
going to say something sarcastic, but I
actually think you might be on
something.
I I know you said I know you said that
probably to troll, but like
actually, that's a really smart idea.
I I'm dead. Like there's no like I can't
live here.
I'm dead.
This character sucks.
I'm going back to my my other character.
Oh, which one was she? Was she She a
Melda?
She says hand by one whatever
What? I got no money. Wait, I want to
play you.
All right, we'll be back.
We'll be back, all right?
Nice.
Game's not even out yet, and he's
already one-trick Andy. No.
I'm not a one-trick Andy, Shuwalls. I'm
just trying to have fun. Is that okay?
Let me fix your upgrades.
It's all my upgrades.
What's a yellow card trigger? I don't
know what that does. What is that? What
is that? What is that? Someone tell me.
What does that do?
What does that do? What does that do?
Oh, wait it WORKS FOR YOU.
OH.
OKAY, and now the cooking.
Fun in video games.
Yeah.
Gives me XP growth whenever I play a
yellow card.
Cuz of her stat thing.
I need to proc the thing, right?
You know what's nice about this game?
You don't even have to use your mouse.
You can just use your keyboard.
I don't know how you guys feel about
that, but I kind of like it. Give me the
crown.
Want all the XP.
This character is just nice.
It's got it.
I Guys, this is going to sound crazy,
but I just realized why she says okay, I
helped. It's because once you run out of
the buff, that's what she says, bro.
Holy, man.
That's crazy.
I just realized that. What?
Was I the only one that didn't know?
>> [snorts]
>> We got
Mana recovery cost by one.
I don't say yes. We'll come back to
this.
We'll wait until we get the full idea of
what our build is, then we'll go from
there.
Uh-oh.
It's a lot of damage, buddy.
Oh.
I'm going to reroll. Yeah, we're kind of
dying. Anyone Anyone know why?
Wait, ready? She's going to say it.
Oh, she said it's it's done now. She
didn't say the same line, but
now I'm getting it.
It's all coming together. Duplicator.
Guys, you got a duplicator in real life,
but every time you use the thing that
you're duplicating, you also
duplicate your non-steel.
Take that deal or not?
She wants She wants.
Do you think even if I said guys, you
got you got to lie. You think people are
going to lie?
No way.
Nope.
What's in this chest?
I'm going to reroll this. What do we
got?
No.
This is the might stat. Okay, okay. Give
me that. Yeah, yeah, yeah, might's good.
We like might. Might does damage. We
need the projectile one and then we're
going crazy. Okay, we'll um we'll do
this final one and figure it out.
Your times whatever is zero, so jokes on
you. Listen, don't call me Blake. You
don't know me like that.
Should I get some armor this time?
Free.
You guys think you can just call me
Blake? Like what is wrong with you guys?
You don't know me like that. There's no
way.
I swear if any of you come to Magic Con
and you call me Blake, I'm going to be
upset.
There's going to be some problems.
Who says luck stat? Okay, I mean
listen.
That's a pretty good magic wand, though.
We got luck stat. See, that makes me
think I should always just use the chest
right from the very beginning, right?
That's insane.
Um do I want We don't have a lot of draw
like last time. We only have one card
that draws.
Is the extra mana worth it? I don't
really want the extra card.
I don't know. We'll see what this guy
gives me, then we'll go from there.
We'll do this [__] live.
I could have done that in a different
way and I think it would have been
better.
That's okay.
That also could have been more armor,
but I'm not thinking through. Okay, hold
on, hold on. Let me shut up.
Oh my god, he's gold in the back.
Uh-oh. Wait, this is the worst hit ever.
The good news is is that like my luck
stat's going to go crazy.
Okay, that's drawing, so that's good.
We're doing the same thing as last time
for the record in case anyone's curious.
I don't want to do the uh
what happened last time, which is like
you're doing six. That's fine.
Oh, nice.
Oh. [screaming]
Oh god.
Stop.
Oh.
No, no, no, no, no, no. Sure I'm dead.
Wait, wait, wait, no, we're alive.
No.
Are you IT GOT THE ARMOR OFF, BUT I
STILL
I GOT AN ACHIEVEMENT.
>> [laughter]
>> Team eight.
That's us putting all my money in one
place.
Hey, what went wrong with that build?
That build didn't have anything. Oh my
god.
Oh.
You know when you're not feeling good?
You feel your eyes getting heavier and
heavier as you keep going?
And it's like you just need to go to
bed.
And you realize that like there you can
play video games instead. Where I'm at
in life.
No one saw that. No one
All right, first try.
Dude, I don't want this freaking Bible,
bro. I feel like it does nothing.
We're just taking so much damage is the
problem here, man. Okay, let me
I should do this this one.
We need to We need to lock in.
And I'll take as much damage, right?
Mhm.
I need to figure out what the evolutions
are. Like how do I get Mewtwo? We don't
want that.
Remind me that there. I'm going to
forget.
I might have to take it right now. I'm
going to [__] die.
I want XP growth.
Evolutions are the same for the main
game. Rather, I played Vampire Survivors
like literally so long ago, I couldn't
even tell you anything about the game.
There's literally I actually had this
conversation the other day. In my brain,
there's no room for anything else. It's
just League of Legends.
Like League League has ruined me.
You guys wouldn't understand it.
You guys think I treat this as a game,
but it's not. It's my life.
Sorry for your loss.
Maybe Maybe I Maybe this is how I want
it, you know?
If I want that
If I ever want to increase the mana cost
of something, no. Not now. Give me that
actually, though.
All right, we're very greedy, very
greedy.
Very, very greedy.
Very greedy line. That's going to surely
pay off for me in the long run.
More XP, the better. Did I take the
chicken already? I did.
Adds armor.
We can do better.
Draws a card.
Okay, this is what I'm talking about
gamers. This is it. That is an insane
upgrade. Here we go. Yeah, buddy. Yeah,
buddy.
Money. Okay, beautiful. Beautiful. Hold
on. Hold on. Hold on. Let's go here.
What's up?
Can use this card?
Okay, how do I figure out these
combinations chatters?
Someone help me out.
Oh my god, that is the sickest freaking
wand I've ever seen in my life.
There's a little bit of an order to
this.
Oh my god.
I'm going to cheat sheet.
Hell no, man.
That takes away from the experience.
I should draw this.
Yes.
And now we just need a mana card.
Wait, there's a mana card we can get
from that thing, right?
I'm going to go grab them. What am I
thinking?
What do you guys think? Probably this.
This is the easiest to cycle with the
cards that we have. Yeah.
All right, [__] What's up?
How we doing?
Not perfect there, but it's fine.
We just need to like Oh, no. These cards
are so bad. Oh, no.
Uh-oh.
Is this a greedy line? This might be a
greedy line. I'm I'm might be going too
greedy here.
Smart.
We're going too greedy for sure.
No, we'll be okay. We'll be okay.
I think. Oh my god, I'm kind of nervous.
Hey, let's do you first cuz there's a
good chance we draw a zero zero cost
card. We want to draw again. You
into drawing a card. Okay, beautiful.
Let's get the mana. Go you. Go you.
You. You. You.
Oh god, hold on. I don't have any armor
though.
Ah, we'll be all right.
Wait, can I kill him? Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
I don't I don't know about this.
Uh-oh. No.
It's [__] cooked.
Oh my god.
Oh, no.
The box mechanic of like
it like stops you from cycling. It's
actually crazy, man.
Do I need to use one more wand to win?
How do you know though?
How do you know? What do you see the
What do you see the health?
That's my question.
By adding up the damage? Yeah, but like
how do you know how much health the the
dude has?
Like the total health. How do you know?
That's my question.
You're just saying [__] like, "Oh, he
only needed one more." But like you're
not actually saying like the the real
the real question at hand. You know what
I mean?
Like I feel like I'm getting baited.
We were so close last time.
Nice try though. Nice try.
I'll remember that, all right? In the
future.
Am I supposed to roll here? I don't mind
hollow heart.
Moon, are you good?
Are you good?
Hey, sweetie.
Well, my cat wants to jump on my lap.
How do you guys tell your cats to get on
your lap? I just do this. I literally do
this to them.
Yeah, that's fine.
Seems to work out for me.
Like a it's like a good presence for
them. Like they're like, "Oh, okay. Now
I get what that means." I don't know why
they know what it means, but they do
they know what it means.
Dude, how do you If I try to grab my cat
and go like go hang out, they're like,
"Nah.
Nah, [__]
Nah, not worthy." They have to come on
their own.
Like they have to they have to want it
themselves. I can't pick up my cat. It
will never stay. It will literally say
kekW and leave.
I have a multiple dude, but like they
both feel the exact same way.
No cat gives a single [__] And it's
crazy because I bought rag dolls
in the hope that this would be like my
problem would be solved. Like I would
One of the reasons I wanted rag dolls so
they hang out with me all the time, but
they're not like that. They just want to
be They just want to be in the area.
They just want to be like, "Oh, okay. I
see him over there."
That's all they care about.
They don't care about anything else.
They don't give a [__]
They're just they're just here. Like
they just want to be in the room.
But the second you ask for anything
else,
it's over. What's a rag doll? It's a
it's a breed of a cat.
And dare I recommend them. They're
fantastic.
Moon.
Moon, I love you.
You're I don't know why you don't want
to hang out all the time. See, look how
happy you are when you hang out with me.
We could be best friends. You hate my
guts.
It's kind of weird.
Or we can go for the big one.
That's
fine.
What did I What was the What did I put
on this already, chat? Does anyone
remember? I'm rolling here. I don't
remember though.
Hi.
Wait.
Negative one?
Negative one? Here we go. Now the
multiplier starts.
Isn't the ugly face one? Excuse me.
Hey chat, you guys want to see Moon?
Hold on.
This is Moon.
I don't know if you guys can see her.
They're so cute.
So cute, Moon. I love you.
You [__] missed me so much, dude.
You got one out. Less cards. Or more
cards, I guess. In the matching section.
Max is out, man.
Oh, man.
I bet I'm going to die. Is that
perfection?
Wait, the minus one is actually so
goated though.
It's crazy good the minus one. Look at
this. Boom. Three cards all of a sudden.
Oh my god.
The gamers are not ready for this.
I don't know if I need the protector.
Maybe I should have rolled.
Thank you.
And
I'm taking 10. I just got 10 life.
Okay.
Could have done that a different way.
Oh, come on.
Five is nice.
Um, I'm skipping.
Now, I guess I'm taking two in a sense.
Oh.
Yeah.
Wait, this is the boss? Oh, [__] me,
man.
Okay, please have enough damage here.
Yeah, that's pretty sick.
You want me to die?
I'm not, [__] I lived.
Why did a bro walk up to me like that?
Hey, we can get that new character.
Refunds mana on plays interesting, but I
don't know if I need that.
Retains? I think retains low-key really
good.
Then you never draw it.
I think that's like kind of the bigger
thing, right?
I'll fight this in here real fast.
Yes. I'm going to die. Hold on a second.
Uh, guys.
No, I don't want to die. Please, man.
Oh my god, this is so insane. Okay.
Why did I fight those guys? I guess for
the XP.
Okay, what was the question mark here?
Wait.
The mana.
Should I heal more mana?
Oh, I'm dead.
Hey, good news. We got a new character.
The deck lacking or how combos getting
used?
The thing is with this game more than
like a game like Slay the Spire is you
have meta progression.
Like you can go to the shop and then you
get meta progression as you continue
going.
So,
that's kind of what it is.
Hey, what character did I want to play?
There was a character that I thought
looked really cool. This this person.
No, it was the hand What's the hand size
person called?
Yes.
Let us wield.
You know, so now now what happens,
right? Okay, listen. Now Now what
happens? This guy says,
"How the freak do you pronounce this?
Pascalina?" That sounds right.
Um, increase hand by one whenever a
purple card is played. So, we just want
to play purple cards.
And that's what we're doing, okay?
Yes, I did.
That's the type of chatter I need in my
chat.
Positive as- affirmation, letting me
know that what I did was correct.
All right, let's see how this goes. We
need blue cards. Or purple cards.
Purple cards.
What is this?
Announces to deal more damage.
Oh, that's kind of cool.
Humor wants lying chatters.
You got me.
Wait.
I feel like she's going to be sick. Why
does she sound kind of feaky?
I think that's you, bro.
All right, so we're looking for purple
cards.
I don't know if I want more mana already
though.
Oh!
Yes!
Okay, that's what I'm [__] talking
about.
Talking about.
I don't need this.
We're going to We're going to try to
combine [__] first.
Oh.
I just killed everyone.
Yes! Give me the might.
Since you have no hands If you have
hands as you may not need draw. I agree
with that.
That is an adequate observation, my good
sir.
I don't know why I said it like that,
but
Wait, she might be giga broken, though.
This might be the character.
How do I lose?
Hand size is goated.
Cuz then it's like it's like in Slay the
Spire. Like if I could draw every card,
I would, you know?
Give me a second.
I guess the order there was not correct.
I don't mind you.
I'm sorry. I got to read a message in
chat. I think I want to I think I want
to get one card draw though because we
want to try this try to find this card
as much as we can, right?
This person in wrote Okay, this person
just wrote in chat.
"What up, big R dog?" Sta- starts off
very nicely. And then writes,
"Checking in to ask if you would be down
to choke me, haha."
What the
I
Okay, so for those of you who are
curious, I'm playing on my mouse and
keyboard right on my keyboard right now
cuz you can.
Yeah.
What's that?
Oh, just give me money. Sorry, I wasn't
making enough damage.
Well, I mean, we have one more, dude.
I ordered it.
It comes into me asked me choked every
few months. You guys want me to check?
I don't know, to be honest with you.
You think he does? He might.
I'll go here.
Mug?
Or draw?
At some point we're not going to need
the card draw anymore, so
I guess I'll take the mug.
I
in my brain for a second there, and I
mean I genuinely mean this.
I thought what it meant by mug is by
like a coffee mug.
All right, we're going to have to Uh,
what it actually What it actually means
is like you mug them.
You know?
You guys get it?
Am I stupid?
Okay.
We want to draw first.
Or gold is a big cat. Big cat.
Or gold, thank you for the sub, man. I
love you.
Think about me tonight, all right, man?
Yeah, I'm going to have no
Wait, I I have a problem.
No, I promise I'm going to need more
cards.
Oh, but here we go. Here's my problem.
The problem is I don't know if I kill
this guy.
All right.
Uh-oh.
You guys think I win this?
I don't know. Actually, I have no idea.
Promise this splash damage doesn't help
at all, right?
Hey, where's the guy who asked me if I
can choke him? Was that you, Or gold?
Hold on.
Yeah, yeah. Let me see. Let me see.
going to see your messages. Hold on.
Okay, you came in
I'm going back to 7:19.
No, you didn't ask.
Oh, that's the first time you've ever
asked me to choke you, I'm pretty sure.
That's kind of weird, bro.
Wait, hold on.
Your first message actually was "You
wrote first time on stream choke me,
please." And then you came back a month
later, 2 months later, and then wrote
"Can you choke me, please?" Then you
came back 2 months later once again. And
that's kind of
I I kind of I kind of think the bit's
kind of crazy, bro. Congrats.
All right, so there's no way I do enough
damage.
There's just no way I do enough damage.
All I do is splash.
You're going to choke him or what? No.
I don't do enough damage.
I'm dead.
Oh my
Choking a tier 3 sub?
Yeah, guys, if you want to be choked,
you got to be at least a tier 3 sub.
You're not a tier 3 sub. I mean, I don't
know what to tell you.
And and and I don't know.
I feel like there's some people in this
world that would like, no matter what I
said, they would do just this just to
talk about it, you know?
We go to the blacksmith.
Yeah, at the blacksmith, what can I do?
I could whip people?
I don't know money for this [__] bro.
I don't know if I like this character. I
might have gotten unlucky though, to be
honest. So, we'll try it again.
What is zero tier zero subs? Those are
what we call peasants.
And most of chat would agree that we're
not super fond of them.
Um
I'm just kidding. I love everybody.
I guess duplicator sounds really good
here. We need more damage.
We love them, don't we?
Fonkles here just listening to this like
wondering what the [__] they're doing.
They're like, "Is this guy okay?"
>> [laughter]
>> Wait.
Dactyles are crazy here.
All right, this is pretty normal on this
stream.
Thank god Mirage isn't here at this
moment.
Then we have Then we have a serious
problem.
And then they'll never talk They'll
never talk to me again.
>> [laughter]
>> Mirage.
Okay, I think for dactyles is what I
needed cuz they do a lot of damage.
Nah, nah, nah, nah.
Is this Mirage slander?
It's not It's I wouldn't call it
slander.
I would call it like
some people are just not ready for
Mirage, you know? They're not ready for
his vision.
Hard skip to the discard pile. Whoa,
whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa,
whoa. Is that goated?
I'm taking that [__]
Oh, this always is in my hand?
How does that
He He's
Mirage is one of these guys where it's
like
sometimes you're not in a mood Like, you
ever watch like a really bad movie, but
like sometimes you're okay with it
because you don't mind watching like a
really bad movie?
That's what Mirage is.
Like sometimes you just can't watch that
movie.
And I think I think Mirage would agree
with what I just said. I feel like
that's a pretty fair assessment of
Mirage.
I don't feel like I'm saying anything
that he wouldn't agree with.
And that's just the case with a lot of
you chatters, to be completely honest.
Oh my god, that is goated.
Fonkle, amen.
Say it louder for the people in the
back.
Never liked Mirage? What?
Schwalls.
That's messed up, bro.
That's our goat right there.
He hasn't been here for a while. Hope
he's there in.
I think I'm supposed to play projectiles
first, right?
Now that Schwalls is gone.
Dude, I swear Schwa- Schwalls is my
number one hater. I just can't prove it.
Ah, Schwalls is a good guy, actually. He
seems like a good guy. Schwalls is I
feel like Schwalls is somebody I would
be more than happy to speak to you in
in real life.
Schwalls gets a bad rap. Problers
trigger two more times. Abilities
probably even.
Wait, is that the thing in my deck?
I don't know if I need that. Do I need
that?
Pretty parasocial of you, not going to
lie. All right, Schwalls, you can go
[__] yourself.
Like here I am trying to trying to
stand up for your [__] ass.
And you say
you hit me with you hit me with maybe
the worst thing I want to read in my
life.
Thanks a lot.
All right, everyone, I'm praying on
Schwalls' downfall
every single day of my life at this
point.
That man
is the worst human being I've ever
interacted with.
I missed some damage there.
Okay, surely they die before I die,
right?
We have 13 projectiles.
Like I can take seven here. Like surely
they die, right?
Oh, thank Jesus.
Bro.
Schwalls gave me an apartment when my
old house burned down, dude.
And then Schwalls writes "I burnt the
house."
What the [__]
Evolve. What am I evolving?
Okay.
No future.
What does that mean?
Deals 15 damage, bounces, and explodes.
That's my card.
Ah, that's funny.
Really that bad, I guess.
We're doing this for the future. I'm
going to take seven here.
You don't have a two?
I'll hawk two on you.
I want to see what it does. Is like it's
worth trying?
I feel like it's not going to do enough
damage.
Oh.
Is it
Does it a lot of damage?
Th- Th- This game has a really weird
like like it's kind of strange that you
don't know if you're going to kill
something. It's kind of interesting.
Like a lot of it just like you're hoping
for the best, which I'm not against. It
literally just says RNG.
Oh, I guess I lose.
I want armor. I'll take another armor.
Three.
It just said it literally just says RNG.
What?
Oh.
Another house.
Yeah, I'm I'm kind of like it's kind of
unfortunate I'm getting that [__] cuz
it's like
I don't want to un- blaming others. You
were always like this, huh?
Oh, you're talking about your walls.
Yeah, [__] your walls.
>> [laughter]
>> I'm going to pray on his downfall. It's
crazy.
Twalls actually told me off stream that
he thinks
I'm the ugliest person he's ever seen on
this website. I couldn't believe it.
I just want to get mana.
I don't need more hand size, [__]
Give me mana.
Look, I don't even need Pascalina or
whatever her name is.
You didn't need to tell you off stream.
Okay.
Now, ban that guy though, for real
though.
That kind of heresy is not going to be
flying in this chat anymore.
I'm taking a stance on bullying in this
chat, okay?
From now on, I'm the only one that's
allowed to
I'm the only one that's allowed to bully
people, deal?
And if you say no,
you say no, you're on thin ice.
And you don't want to be on thin ice.
You're on thin ice,
you may not come back tomorrow.
Good luck. I'll go fight the the the
spooky ghost.
I'll risk it.
That's not That's not That's not going
to work out for you. You should be
careful.
I don't know if recycling is necessarily
good for this build, but
it's funny.
It's kind of cool. Also, we have the
chance to build up like giga.
Oh my.
I want to draw.
Man, at some point what's going to
happen is
we just have two We have too much.
Too much draw.
Oh my god. Like We We just draw every
card in our deck.
Like this shit's about to go [__]
bananas.
Oh my.
Oh.
All right, [__] I'm about to give you
the [__] clap.
He lived?
All right, what about now?
All right.
That's pretty good.
I can still make cards.
If we didn't fight this guy.
>> [sighs]
[gasps]
>> Armenian is kind of sick. Okay, um I
should have played Pascalina, man.
Why didn't I play her? I mean, this
should be like just insane damage.
Oh my.
This might be the one.
We go boom. We go boom.
We go um we go boom. We go boom. We go
boom. And then we go boom.
And then we go boom.
I don't want you.
Better.
I'll take you.
>> [screaming]
>> Okay.
Now, here we go. We're going to do it
again on him.
We go
um boom.
Boom.
Boom. Boom.
And then boom. Boom.
Oh.
Oh my.
And then And then you thought When you
thought we couldn't do it anymore, we're
going to do it again.
When you thought there was no way we're
doing it a third time.
We're going to hit him with this.
>> [laughter]
>> Oh, wait.
I'll take the money.
Deal or no deal? We'll take the deal.
Unethical.
Man, we're [__] rich.
I'll take a reroll. I'll take the money.
I want mana.
Mana.
Oh.
Love to see it, bro.
I'll take some [__] meat.
Oh, what do you get? Mana.
How's my dick taste? Lizards.
Oh.
I don't want any of you.
I don't want
Yes, I will take you actually.
No, you know what? You know what? I
think the draw was better. I should have
thought about it more.
And shoot.
It's okay.
Actually, maybe I was right.
Cuz like we kind of go crazy now. Um
actually no, we don't need it. We don't
need it.
Why do we need it?
What do you guys think?
Oh.
Oh. Where did they go?
That's my full load right there.
Oh my [snorts] god, this is illegal,
man.
Oh.
Bro, I'm just giving it. I'm just I'm
just I'm giving it. No receiving. Just
straight giving.
It's [__] Christmas time.
>> [laughter]
>> That's not even that good.
Didn't get the explosion card.
I take da- I took damage.
Like the first time in forever.
That's kind of cr-
I'll take my eight.
I'll take a couple boys.
Get a couple cards. Get a couple
projectiles. Get a couple of those. Get
a couple of these. Get a couple of
these.
Oh my. What is that? You do 45 damage
from multiple items with a chance of
knockback. Do I even care? Who even
cares?
I don't give a [__]
No, I don't care.
Get out of my face. We're unkillable.
Oh.
What is that?
Sacrifice a card to get a permanent
slot.
Who mana insta pick? Oh, for the double
damage?
No, that's baby stuff. That's baby
stuff.
We don't even need I already Like I'm
not giving them the max combo, but I'm
I'm basically giving it to them. You
know what I mean? Let me move my mouse
cuz it's annoying. Sorry.
I'm playing with my keyboard at this
point, which is very nice. Actually, a
very handy thing to have in this game.
I'm not going to lie to you.
I feel like the two cost is bait.
Yeah, I don't think I ever want to play
it.
Am I insane for saying that?
>> [screaming]
>> Bro, I don't need that [__]
Do you need another card though?
Let me make a little bit of a goof.
Oh my
I need more damage.
Which I guess it is the conversation of
why we should take the uh
But I'm going to be honest chatters. I
don't know if we really need it.
Like damage would be sick.
That's good.
Um
Okay, so this is a boss.
Oh my god, give it to him.
Oh.
Honestly, magic wand is abnormal.
I know draw.
Oh my god, bro.
I mean he might die from this, I'm not
sure.
I have no idea how much how much damage
I'm doing at this point.
Which is maybe a concern, but it's fun
as [__]
I mean surely you're dead.
Oh the overkill too. Oh my god.
>> [snorts]
>> Jesus.
You have 10% of enemy health as damage.
Yeah, but I don't know what that means,
man.
I'm going to evolve.
I kind of like the zero cost.
I lose the enchantment if I do that.
I better not.
I lose the enchantment. No, I'm [__]
pissed. No, I'm so pissed actually. That
was so bad for
I actually don't mind this.
Yeah, you lost. I don't I don't give a
[__] about the two minute card. We don't
have mana for it.
I lost mana for that. And it's not even
good.
You're worried about the wrong thing
here, man.
OH MY [screaming]
THAT'S A 30 bajillion damage.
What the [__]
I'm skipping this [__] Get out of my
face. Holy [__]
This is why I'm the best player in the
game.
Y'all doubted me.
Y'all said, "Baron, you need a [__]
two cost card."
Did they know?
Did they know that I'm the greatest ever
do it?
Did they have any idea who they were
talking to
when they wrote that message in my chat?
The answer is no, they did not. That's
okay.
I'm perfect mana. Like it's kind of
annoying to be honest.
I I do want that mana card back. I
really need it.
But I
I didn't even Where are we saying it?
Um
I mean I don't know what does more
damage. I'm going to assume this does.
Cuz it says it's going to explode.
Is that a gun?
Jesus Christ.
The wand is good.
It looks like it's almost too good.
Give me the magnet. I don't I don't care
about the rest of these cards.
It gives me the reroll too, which is
nice.
Wait, this is a boss, right?
Um
I must think it's the armor.
I have so much health to work with
though.
Yeah, we're we're turned here. I don't
really know what to do.
Draw first.
That's not too bad. We can work with
that.
Uh-oh.
Oh my god, hold on. What?
Did that in the wrong order.
I did that in the wrong order for sure.
You got to have my turn here.
Yeah, minus two means we can it just
like combos better. It's kind of sick.
But it's not good for the time being.
I need this guy to die.
Read us my entire health bar.
Like we could we get like a health bar?
I
Oh my
No, surely you're dead. What?
We're trolling.
Six I got six heavy. Oh, an empty tome.
Oh my god. Wait, that's crazy.
Dude, I have 3,000 gold.
I need another card.
Hey, we're actually so strong now from
getting that.
That mattered so much.
I'm not going to open chest cuz we don't
have an open slot.
I did that in the wrong order.
Oh my god.
That's a mission, bro.
What was that mana? Yes, hi. That's my
worst card, chat.
Do I even care about this anymore? I
don't. I really don't. Give me an extra
mana crystal. That card does not feel
like it's needed at all. We need like um
I mean at this point a two cost would
actually be okay cuz we have a lot of
mana. That's healing, that's good.
Actually, we didn't really need to grab
that.
Just tuning in, could you pitch what the
[__] this game is?
Um
Imagine you took a game
like Slay the Spire and you said, "How
do I make it even more batshit?"
And that's this game.
I think that's the best way to describe
it.
Is this a boss?
I don't know. I I didn't actually pay
attention to whether or not this is a
boss. I hope it's not.
Oh
>> Or
You walked into the boss?
Gulp.
I mean hopefully I didn't have damage.
Oh, when you overkill the [__] guy,
man. When you give it to him.
I'm just kidding.
That's the boss? That's the final guy?
That's That's the dude? That's top G?
Nothing for a guy like myself. What the
hell? I run this show.
This is my world.
Oh, now it's free load. Now I can just
hang out.
I'm just going to play this game out of
my inventory.
Hey, remind me to take a two cost card
if we see it cuz I I do need it.
We have the mana for it where it
actually makes sense to take it now.
Like before.
Hey, next fight I shouldn't get it.
They're X cost cards. I don't know. I
don't I don't think I've seen one.
I have I'm blind.
I did it in the wrong order.
That was actually the worst turn I could
have done. Like
if you could pick a worse order, I'd be
shocked.
That was a disgusting turn though. Two
cost
Two cost. I don't need a one cost. I
need a two cost.
You [__] [__] I mean that kind of
counts I guess.
Anyone that had gives me a gem.
Ooh, we almost leveled off that. That's
huge.
Hello, how are you?
Oh my god, they walk up and just die,
bro. Um
Take that for my experiment.
I'll take that.
Take that. We have one more fight to go.
Oh, what happened?
Oh.
Uh-oh.
What the [__] is this?
What?
So What What What What What?
What just happened? Is this a surprise
boss fight?
Uh-oh.
Any gulpers?
Oh, he's getting closer.
I got the card.
Yeah, I got the card. I don't care.
I don't. I really don't. For you guys,
I'll do it.
That That didn't That looked like it did
[__] nothing. It looked like it did
nothing.
That was so pointless and I blame every
single one of you for telling me to take
it.
I'll take uh
That's a lot of armor. I would agree
with that.
Wait, the armor doesn't scale in between
turns?
Oh, that's so good.
Why would I take it?
Why would I ever take it in my life?
Imagine I beat the other guy but I don't
win against this.
That'd be [__] embarrassing.
Oh my god.
Do I have another fight? I do. Yeah,
let's do this fight and we'll come back.
I mean
I guess I'll get a lot of armor which is
nice.
That moment it mattered.
Oh my god, that order was horrible.
Actually fun.
I mean we got to just win there.
Delaying the inevitable for whatever
reason.
Where's my card?
Well, I guess what's going to happen is
uh
Wait, is there another boss fight there?
Hold on.
Or is this just the chest?
I mean, here's the good news, gamers.
Even if we lose this, when we get back
to the village,
we're rich we're rich as [__] I got
five almost 5K, boys.
Who wants to go to the [__]
I'm going to have over 5K. Anyone want
to go to the strip club tonight?
I don't. I'm in a relationship, you
[__] weirdos.
It was a test and you all failed.
Anyways.
The guy on the right is kind of giving
me the heebie-jeebies. It's the way he's
moving. Who moves like that, bro?
Holy [__]
Anyone see how many floors I have left
by the way?
I'll take the chicken.
I'll take that as well.
Which strip club Mondays when come back?
Strip club Mondays.
Do you know the bottom right of the map?
I'm blind, bro.
Just help me out.
You want a two?
20% more damage could go crazy. So, for
the first time in my life I'll grab it.
Deal. Deal.
Not that I need it. But
I think that might have been the worst
turn I could have done, probably.
Like
All I need to do is just play the good
card.
And then we win.
Like these guys can't do anything. Good
news is that we got to have a card for a
chest now. So, if we end up getting
something that's not massive,
we don't need more cards. More cards
don't exist.
It's bait.
Nice try though.
Oh my god.
Hey, this is kind of bad.
Oh, my health.
I feel like we can do better.
God damn right we can.
The one guy standing like, "Oh,
I'm still here."
Deleted.
Oh, [__]
Hey, where's my zero cost cards, huh?
Hi.
Oh, that's not good.
Wait, is this the worst draw of all
time?
What about the highest level you can get
in one of these games is? Like is Like
Other than Other than more cards, do you
get anything for getting a higher level?
Doesn't seem like it.
Oh.
Why would I even need it?
I don't mind the bird. I do like the
bird. I'm a big bird guy.
Nice to have a friend, you know.
Sacrifice a card?
You know what?
In hindsight,
we don't need the bird.
If you really think about it, I just I
just made that bird in the chicken.
If you really If you really think about
it.
Oh, I should have got the armor. That
was worth more.
Okay, babe. Let's do this first.
For the birdie had during the demo.
Yeah, but like maybe it's maybe they
nerfed it.
Maybe they saw how good it was.
And they said no more bird like that.
But also, I don't need any more damage.
I did that in the wrong order, but it
does It does not matter. I don't need
any more damage. Look at this. Like bro,
I feel bad Like I feel bad. They're AI.
Or they're bots or whatever the [__]
The little They're just getting rolled.
I'm [__] sending ice beams at these
[__] like it's no big deal. And I'm
healing off of them.
The only thing that makes me The only
thing that's going to kill me is um Oh
my god, wait.
Another hand size increase is not
balanced.
I don't I don't even know. Like is this
this [__] crazy, bro?
An ebony bird in a What? I don't know
that I mean I don't I'm going to be
honest. I don't know what that is.
Apply freeze?
Oh, I'm good. Thanks for offering,
though.
It means It means the world to me that
you would even ask.
A white bird and a black bird.
Oh.
I have no idea what they're talking
about.
Smile away, boys.
What if I told you guys, though, that
we're going we don't need that?
Cuz they're all going to die.
I got one more projectile inside. That
was probably better.
I What am I doing? Am I bought?
Actually, it worked out.
OH MY GOD!
I could probably optimize this. I'm just
playing the game.
I mean, that makes sense, but
All right.
Not too bad. Honestly, can I just go
fight the boss?
With the freeze? Are you the boss? Where
the boss?
I'm dead.
Okay.
That's actually really good for me cuz
now we're Now we're getting a more
damage, right? You do this again into
this, and then we can do this, and then
I guess this.
I guess that's more mana, which means we
can do this.
Oh god, they're not dying.
Yeah, it's fine. We're scaling up our
damage.
Which is maybe more important to me than
anything else.
We can do you, you.
You.
I care about this.
Across? No, get out of my face. We don't
need you.
Ooh, the guy in the back looks kind of
hefty, though. I'm not going to lie.
He's got some sauce. I'm a little
worried.
750?
Bro.
1,000?
Holy [laughter]
[__]
Yo, give me the
Give me that Give me that [laughter]
Give me that Grim Reaper, bro.
Give me that Give me that Grim Reaper.
Where's he at?
I don't need I want to just No! WHAT?
MAYBE. I hate him.
Dude, that was sick.
That was sick. That was a
dopamine-filled time.
Oh my god, that was crazy.
I don't I This game is good. Like it's
weird cuz
I don't know how I really feel about not
seeing the health bars of my enemies.
It's really weird.
But you can do some insane The game is
fun. Like the game is The game actually
has a lot of sauce.
I don't know. Chat, what do you guys
think?
Like if you
Oh my god, we got more [__]
I have $6,000, by the way.
$6 million.
Six almost in.
I mean, I'm going to buy this.
Now we just start off with more
projectiles.
Which is crazy. Like we're so strong
now.
You get the dopamine hit enough to last
like 3 days of HS.
The real question is
would you guys want to watch this?
Slay the Spire or Balatro? Like what's
your number one?
That's what it comes down to, right?
Sandwich, what's up, man?
[__] you.
Don't say Hearthstone. Don't say That
wasn't a part of that. This wasn't a
part of the
Don't say Hearthstone. Don't
Hearthstone's not allowed.
No, don't Okay, gamers. I'm going to
I'll do I'm going to do another giveaway
for you guys.
And then uh
I'm going to do a Slay the Spire
challenge I've been meaning to do.
Actually, what time is it?
I got to do it tomorrow instead.
I got to do a sponsor thing tomorrow, so
that's what I'm going to do.
Yeah, if you want to be a part of this
giveaway, you have to be on Twitch.
This part's a tough one to compete with.
Vampire Survivors looks awesome to play,
but Slay the Spire I think is more
enjoyable to watch. Yeah, I agree with
that. This This game is like um
a lot of dopamine, for sure. I get that,
for sure. Okay. Uh if you guys want to
be a part of this, you have to be on
Twitch. You're going to type
taken one to start. If you
want to
um join, you need to type
taken one start. All right, there you
go. GG's.
That's for the dairy plant. Oh, you can
do more. Oh, now the milk factory
unlocked.
There's a lot of content in this game,
though.
I'll say that. Uh this game comes out
This Again, this isn't sponsored, boys.
I'm just playing for the funzies.
Uh this game comes out tomorrow.
Oh, that's cool.
Pretty sick.
If Shawols win Shawols wins, though, I'm
I'm re- sending it. I'm re- I'm I'm
giving it to someone else.
Usually Blockers on today, right?
We actually got to watch that.
Vagabond bless versus bear. Ooh, that
might be a good game.
Reminder, yeah. Orb, good call. Orb, if
you see If you win the code, you have to
redeem it tomorrow, okay? Not today.
Repeat back what I said. Everybody.
Cuz so everybody knows.
Repeat back what I said.
And win equals redeem.
Okay, I'm closing the giveaway. All
right. If you win
type in chat, all right?
All right, and the winner Not Shawols.
Red Thunder!
>> [laughter]
>> Shawols, I hope you know I'm joking,
bro.
Hey Red, what did I tell you?
Red, what did I say to you?
Red, what did I say to you? Type it in
chat.
Type it in chat, Red.
What did you say? Don't redeem it today,
Red.
Hey chat, would you guys like to watch
Slay the Spire, but you start with no
deck?
Or would you
Or would you rather me end stream?
Be honest.
I might leave this [__] game.
>> And you're ugly sorry okay sandwich.
You guys want to do it? All right,
YouTube. I'm going to end stream here.
Thanks for chilling boys. Uh cuz I want
the VOD for Vampire Survivors to be left
alone.
I'm going to get a general consensus on
how I feel about it today.
Um
The game was fun.
I mean overall.
Um
I think it's a good time.
Want to see you play Hearthstone but you
start with no deck.
That's crazy.
Chat, while I while I get this mod, let
me know if you want this emote.
What the [__] is this show was easy.